aadolf, adolf
aadolf, adolfas
aadolf, adolfo
aadolf, adolphe
aadolf, αδολφος
aadolf, адолф
aadolf, адольф
aage, age
aage, ааге
aage, оге
aarao, aaron
aarao, aron
aaron, aharon
aaron, aron
aaron, ααρων
aaron, аарон
aaron, ահարոն
abadessa, abbess
abaev, абаев
abaev, աբաեւ
abajew, абаев
abakumov, abakumow
abakumov, абакумов
abakumow, абакумов
abayev, абаев
abayev, աբաեւ
abbas, αμπας
abbas, аббас
abbe, jean
abbo, аббон
abbott, abbottova
abbott, эббот
abd, abdal
abd, abdala
abd, abdallah
abd, abdel
abd, abdul
abd, abdulah
abd, abdulla
abd, abdullah
abd, abdur
abd, abdyl
abd, abu
abd, абд
abd, абдалла
abd, абдаллах
abd, абдель
abd, абдул
abd, абдула
abd, абдулах
abd, абдулла
abd, абдуллах
abd, աբդ
abd, աբդալլահ
abd, աբդուլ
abd, აბდ
abd, აბდელ
abd, აბდულა
abdala, abdullah
abdallah, abdulla
abdallah, abdullah
abdallah, абдалла
abdallah, абдаллах
abdallah, абдула
abdallah, абдулах
abdallah, абдулла
abdallah, абдуллах
abdallah, աբդալլահ
abdel, abdul
abdel, абд
abdel, абдель
abdel, абдул
abdoel, abdul
abdrachmanov, абдрахманов
abdrakhmanov, абдрахманов
abdul, abdur
abdul, abdyl
abdul, abul
abdul, абд
abdul, абдель
abdul, абду
abdul, абдул
abdul, աբդուլ
abdul, აბდ
abdulla, abdullah
abdulla, абдулла
abdullah, абдалла
abdullah, абдаллах
abdullah, абдула
abdullah, абдулах
abdullah, абдулла
abdullah, абдуллах
abdullah, աբդալլահ
abdullah, აბდულა
abdullayev, абдуллаев
abdullayev, абдуллаєв
abdullayev, աբդուլաեւ
abdurakhmanov, абдурахманов
abdyl, абдул
abdyl, աբդուլ
abeghyan, աբեղյան
abel, αμπελ
abel, абел
abel, абель
abel, авель
abell, αμπελ
abendroth, абендрот
abol, abu
abou, abu
abou, αμπου
abou, абу
aboul, abu
abraham, abrahamsz
abraham, abram
abraham, abramo
abraham, avraham
abraham, αβρααμ
abraham, абраам
abraham, абрагам
abraham, абрам
abraham, абрахам
abraham, авраам
abraham, աբրահամ
abraham, აბრაამ
abrahamson, абрагамсон
abrahamyan, абрамян
abrahamyan, աբրահամյան
abram, абрам
abramjan, абрамян
abramjan, աբրահամյան
abramo, авраам
abramov, abramow
abramov, абрамов
abramov, աբրամով
abramova, abramowa
abramova, абрамова
abramow, абрамов
abramow, աբրամով
abramowa, абрамова
abu, abul
abu, ebu
abu, αμπου
abu, абу
abu, абуль
abu, აბუ
achaeus, acheo
acharya, ачарья
achmad, ахмад
achmed, ahmad
achmed, ahmed
achmed, akhmed
achmed, ахмед
achmedov, ахмедов
achmedow, ахмедов
achmet, ahmet
achmet, akhmet
achmet, αχμετ
achmet, ахмет
achmetov, ахметов
achmetow, akhmetov
achmetow, ахметов
achoendov, ахундов
achot, ashot
achot, ашот
achot, աշոտ
achot, აშოტ
achraf, ashraf
achraf, asraf
achraf, ашраф
ada, αντα
ada, ада
adad, addu
adad, адад
adalbero, adalberon
adalbero, адалберо
adalberon, адалберо
adalbert, adalberto
adalbert, albert
adalbert, alberto
adalbert, αδαλβερτος
adalbert, адалберт
adalbert, адальберт
adalberto, alberto
adalberto, αδαλβερτος
adalberto, адалберт
adalberto, адальберт
adam, adamas
adam, adams
adam, adan
adam, adomas
adam, ανταμ
adam, адам
adam, ադամ
adamchuk, адамчук
adamjan, адамян
adamjan, ադամյան
adams, adamsova
adams, ανταμς
adams, адамс
adams, ադամս
adamsova, адамс
adarnase, adarnases
adarnase, adarnasse
adarnases, adarnasse
addu, адад
adele, αντελ
adler, αντλερ
adler, адлер
adnan, αντναν
adolf, adolfas
adolf, adolfo
adolf, adolfs
adolf, adolph
adolf, adolphe
adolf, adolphus
adolf, dolf
adolf, αδολφος
adolf, αντολφ
adolf, адолф
adolf, адольф
adolf, ադոլֆ
adolf, ადოლფ
adolfas, adolfo
adolfas, adolphe
adolfas, αδολφος
adolfas, адолф
adolfas, адольф
adolfo, adolph
adolfo, adolphe
adolfo, adolphus
adolfo, αδολφος
adolfo, адолф
adolfo, адольф
adolfo, адольфо
adolfo, ადოლფო
adolfs, адольф
adolph, adolphe
adolph, αδολφος
adolph, αντολφ
adolph, адолф
adolph, адольф
adolph, ադոլֆ
adolph, ადოლფ
adolphe, adolphus
adolphe, αδολφος
adolphe, αντολφ
adolphe, адолф
adolphe, адольф
adolphe, ադոլֆ
adolphe, ადოლფ
adolphus, αδολφος
adolphus, адолф
adolphus, адольф
adomas, адам
adzhemyan, аджемян
aeneas, enea
aenobarb, ahenobarbus
aenobarb, enobarbo
aenobarb, агенобарб
aenobarb, ахенобарб
aeropo, aeropos
aeropo, aeropus
aeropo, аероп
aeropo, ероп
aeropos, aeropus
aeropos, аероп
aeropos, ероп
aeropus, аероп
aeropus, ероп
aethelred, æthelred
aethelred, етельред
aethelred, этельред
aethelwald, æthelwold
afanasev, afanassjew
afanasev, afanasyev
afanasev, афанасьев
afanasjev, afanasjew
afanasjev, afanasyev
afanasjev, афанасьев
afanasjew, afanassjew
afanasjew, afanasyev
afanasjew, афанасьев
afanassjew, afanasyev
afanassjew, афанасьев
afanassjewa, afanasyeva
afanassjewa, афанасьева
afanasyev, афанасьев
afanasyeva, афанасьева
affonso, afonso
affonso, афонсу
afonso, alfons
afonso, alfonsas
afonso, alfonso
afonso, alfonz
afonso, alonso
afonso, alphonse
afonso, αλφονσο
afonso, αλφονσος
afonso, алфонсо
afonso, альфонс
afonso, альфонсо
afonso, афонсо
afonso, афонсу
afonso, ალფონსო
afonso, აფონსუ
aga, ага
agafonov, agafonow
agafonov, агафонов
agafonow, агафонов
agarwal, агарвал
agata, agatha
agata, агата
agatangel, агатангел
agatangelo, агафангел
agatha, агата
agathe, агат
agathe, агата
agathocles, agathokles
agathocles, agatocle
agathocles, agatocles
agathocles, αγαθοκλης
agathocles, агафокл
agathokles, agatocle
agathokles, agatocles
agathon, agaton
agathon, agatone
agathon, αγαθων
agathon, агатон
agathon, агафон
agatocle, agatocles
agatocle, αγαθοκλης
agatocle, агафокл
agatocles, αγαθοκλης
agatocles, агафокл
agaton, agatone
agaton, αγαθων
agaton, агатон
agaton, агафон
agatone, αγαθων
agatone, агатон
agawa, агава
age, оге
ageev, агеев
agejev, agejew
agejev, ageyev
agejev, агеев
agejew, ageyev
agejew, агеев
agenor, аженор
ageyev, агеев
aggelos, angelos
aggelos, αγγελος
aggelos, ангелос
aghajanyan, աղաջանյան
agne, агне
agnes, agnese
agnes, αγνη
agnes, агнес
agnes, агнеса
agnes, агнесса
agnes, агнеш
agnes, аньес
agnes, аньєс
agnes, ագնես
agnes, აგნეს
agnese, αγνη
agnese, агнес
agnese, агнеса
agnese, агнесса
agnese, аньезе
agnese, აგნეს
agneta, агнета
agnew, эгнью
agnolo, angelo
agop, հակոբ
agost, august
agost, augustas
agost, auguste
agost, augusto
agost, augustus
agost, αυγουστος
agost, август
agost, аугуст
agost, ავგუსტ
agypten, egypt
agypten, egypte
ahala, агала
aharon, aron
aharon, аарон
aharon, арон
aharon, ահարոն
ahema, aqama
ahenobarbus, enobarbo
ahenobarbus, агенобарб
ahenobarbus, ахенобарб
ahmad, ahmed
ahmad, αχμετ
ahmad, ахмед
ahmad, აჰმედ
ahmadov, əhmədov
ahmed, ahmet
ahmed, akhmed
ahmed, αχμετ
ahmed, ахмед
ahmed, ахмет
ahmed, ահմեդ
ahmed, აჰმედ
ahmes, ahmesz
ahmes, ahmose
ahmes, jahmesz
ahmes, яхмос
ahmesz, ahmose
ahmet, αχμετ
ahmet, ахмед
ahmet, ахмет
ahmet, ահմեդ
ahmet, აჰმედ
ahmose, jahmesz
ahmose, яхмос
ahundov, akhundov
ahundov, axundov
ahundov, ахундов
aja, aya
ajaka, ayaka
ajaka, аяка
ajana, ayana
ajdar, aydar
ajrat, ayrat
akaza, акадза
akazawa, акадзава
akhmadov, ахмадов
akhmat, ахмат
akhmed, ахмед
akhmedov, ахмедов
akhmedova, ахмедова
akhmet, ахмет
akhmetov, ахметов
akhmetov, ախմետով
akhtar, ахтар
akhtyamov, ахтямов
akhundov, axundov
akhundov, ахундов
akopjan, akopyan
akopjan, hakobyan
akopjan, акопян
akopjan, հակոբյան
akopov, akopow
akopov, акопов
akopow, акопов
akopyan, акопян
akopyan, հակոբյան
akov, akow
akov, jaakov
akov, jacob
akov, jakov
akov, яаков
akov, яков
akow, jaakov
akow, яаков
aktjor, актер
akutagawa, акутагава
alagan, alahan
alan, ałan
alan, алан
alba, alban
alban, albanus
albert, albertas
albert, alberto
albert, albertus
albert, albrecht
albert, albrekt
albert, alfred
albert, αλβερτος
albert, αλμπερ
albert, αλμπερτ
albert, αλμπερτο
albert, адалберт
albert, албер
albert, алберт
albert, албрехт
albert, альбер
albert, альберт
albert, альберто
albert, альбрехт
albert, ալբեր
albert, ալբերտ
albert, ალბერ
albert, ალბერტ
albertas, alberto
albertas, albrecht
albertas, алберт
albertas, альберт
albertas, альбрехт
alberto, albertus
alberto, albrecht
alberto, albrekt
alberto, αδαλβερτος
alberto, αλβερτος
alberto, αλμπερτο
alberto, алберт
alberto, алберто
alberto, албрехт
alberto, альбер
alberto, альберт
alberto, альберто
alberto, альбрехт
alberto, ալբերտո
alberto, ალბერტო
alberts, альберт
albertus, альберт
albo, albus
albo, алб
albo, альб
albrecht, albrekt
albrecht, αλβερτος
albrecht, αλμπρεχτ
albrecht, алберт
albrecht, албрехт
albrecht, альберт
albrecht, альбрехт
albrecht, ალბრეხტ
albrekt, αλβερτος
albrekt, албрехт
albrekt, альбрехт
albret, альбре
albus, алб
albus, альб
alcmaeon, alcmeao
alcmaeon, alcmeone
alcmaeon, алкмеон
alcmeao, alcmeone
alcmeao, алкмеон
alcmeone, алкмеон
aldo, αλντο
aldo, алдо
aldo, альдо
aldo, ալդո
aldre, altere
aldre, ældre
aleh, oleg
aleh, олег
alejandra, aleksandra
alejandra, alessandra
alejandra, alexandra
alejandra, александра
alejandra, алехандра
alejandro, aleksander
alejandro, aleksandras
alejandro, alessandro
alejandro, alexander
alejandro, alexandr
alejandro, alexandre
alejandro, alexandros
alejandro, alexandrosz
alejandro, alexandru
alejandro, αλεξανδρος
alejandro, αλεχαντρο
alejandro, александар
alejandro, александр
alejandro, александър
alejandro, алесандро
alejandro, алессандро
alejandro, алехандро
alejandro, олександр
alejandro, ալեքսանդր
alejandro, ალექსანდრე
alejo, алехо
aleksandar, aleksander
aleksandar, aleksandras
aleksandar, alekszandar
aleksandar, alexander
aleksandar, alexandr
aleksandar, alexandre
aleksandar, ałeksandar
aleksandar, αλεξανδρος
aleksandar, александар
aleksandar, александр
aleksandar, александър
aleksander, aleksandr
aleksander, aleksandras
aleksander, aleksandros
aleksander, alekszandr
aleksander, alessandro
aleksander, alexander
aleksander, alexandr
aleksander, alexandre
aleksander, alexandros
aleksander, alexandrosz
aleksander, alexandru
aleksander, ołeksandr
aleksander, αλεξανδρος
aleksander, αλεξαντερ
aleksander, αλεξαντρ
aleksander, александар
aleksander, александер
aleksander, александр
aleksander, александру
aleksander, александър
aleksander, олександр
aleksander, ալեքսանդր
aleksander, ალექსანდრე
aleksandr, aleksandras
aleksandr, aleksandrs
aleksandr, alekszandr
aleksandr, alexander
aleksandr, alexandr
aleksandr, alexandre
aleksandr, alexsandr
aleksandr, oleksandr
aleksandr, olexander
aleksandr, ołeksandr
aleksandr, αλεξανδρος
aleksandr, αλεξαντερ
aleksandr, αλεξαντρ
aleksandr, александар
aleksandr, александр
aleksandr, александър
aleksandr, олександр
aleksandr, ալեքսանդր
aleksandr, ალექსანდრე
aleksandra, alekszandra
aleksandra, alessandra
aleksandra, alexandra
aleksandra, αλεξανδρα
aleksandra, александра
aleksandra, олександра
aleksandra, ալեքսանդրա
aleksandras, aleksandrs
aleksandras, alekszandr
aleksandras, alessandro
aleksandras, alexander
aleksandras, alexandr
aleksandras, alexandre
aleksandras, alexandru
aleksandras, αλεξανδρος
aleksandras, αλεξαντερ
aleksandras, αλεξαντρ
aleksandras, александар
aleksandras, александр
aleksandras, александър
aleksandras, олександр
aleksandras, ալեքսանդր
aleksandras, ალექსანდრე
aleksandros, alessandro
aleksandros, alexander
aleksandros, alexandre
aleksandros, alexandros
aleksandros, alexandrosz
aleksandros, αλεξανδρος
aleksandros, александар
aleksandros, александр
aleksandros, александрос
aleksandros, александър
aleksandrov, aleksandrow
aleksandrov, alekszandrov
aleksandrov, alexandrov
aleksandrov, alexandrow
aleksandrov, αλεξαντροφ
aleksandrov, александров
aleksandrov, ալեքսանդրով
aleksandrova, alexandrowa
aleksandrova, александрова
aleksandrovna, aleksandrowna
aleksandrovna, alekszandrovna
aleksandrovna, alexandrovna
aleksandrovna, alexandrowna
aleksandrovna, αλεξαντροβνα
aleksandrovna, александровна
aleksandrovna, ալեքսանդրովնա
aleksandrow, alekszandrov
aleksandrow, alexandrov
aleksandrow, alexandrow
aleksandrow, αλεξαντροφ
aleksandrow, александров
aleksandrow, ալեքսանդրով
aleksandrowna, alekszandrovna
aleksandrowna, alexandrovna
aleksandrowna, александровна
aleksandrowna, ալեքսանդրովնա
aleksandrs, alexander
aleksandrs, александр
aleksandrs, александрс
aleksandrs, олександр
aleksanjan, aleksanyan
aleksanjan, алексанян
aleksanjan, ալեքսանյան
aleksanyan, алексанян
aleksanyan, ալեքսանյան
alekseev, aleksejev
alekseev, alekseyev
alekseev, alekszejev
alekseev, alexejev
alekseev, alexejew
alekseev, алексеев
alekseev, алексејев
alekseev, алексєєв
alekseev, ալեքսեեւ
alekseevna, aleksejevna
alekseevna, alekseyevna
alekseevna, alexejewna
alekseevna, алексеевна
aleksej, aleksejus
aleksej, aleksey
aleksej, aleksy
aleksej, alekszej
aleksej, alex
aleksej, alexej
aleksej, alexey
aleksej, aljaksej
aleksej, алексеј
aleksej, ալեքսեյ
aleksejev, alekseyev
aleksejev, alekszejev
aleksejev, alexeev
aleksejev, alexejev
aleksejev, alexejew
aleksejev, alexeyev
aleksejev, алексеев
aleksejev, алексејев
aleksejev, алексєєв
aleksejev, ալեքսեեւ
aleksejeva, alekseyeva
aleksejeva, alexejewa
aleksejeva, алексеева
aleksejevna, alekseyevna
aleksejevna, alexejevna
aleksejevna, alexejewna
aleksejevna, алексеевна
aleksejevna, алексејевна
aleksejevna, ալեքսեեւնա
aleksejus, aleksey
aleksejus, alekszej
aleksejus, alexej
aleksejus, alexey
aleksejus, алексеј
aleksejus, ալեքսեյ
aleksey, aleksy
aleksey, alekszej
aleksey, alexej
aleksey, alexey
aleksey, алексеј
aleksey, ալեքսեյ
alekseyev, alexeev
alekseyev, alexejev
alekseyev, alexejew
alekseyev, alexeyev
alekseyev, алексеев
alekseyev, алексејев
alekseyev, алексєєв
alekseyev, ալեքսեեւ
alekseyeva, alexejewa
alekseyeva, алексеева
alekseyevna, alexejevna
alekseyevna, alexejewna
alekseyevna, алексеевна
alekseyevna, ալեքսեեւնա
aleksy, alekszej
aleksy, alexej
aleksy, ալեքսեյ
alekszandr, alexander
alekszandr, alexandr
alekszandr, alexandre
alekszandr, αλεξαντερ
alekszandr, αλεξαντρ
alekszandr, александар
alekszandr, александр
alekszandr, александър
alekszandr, олександр
alekszandr, ալեքսանդր
alekszandr, ალექსანდრე
alekszandra, alexandra
alekszandra, александра
alekszandra, олександра
alekszandrov, александров
alekszandrovna, alexandrovna
alekszandrovna, alexandrowna
alekszandrovna, александровна
alekszandrovna, ալեքսանդրովնա
alekszej, alexej
alekszej, alexey
alekszej, алексеј
alekszej, ալեքսեյ
alekszejev, алексеев
alekszejev, алексєєв
alena, jelena
alena, yelena
alena, елена
alencon, alenconu
alencon, αλανσον
alencon, алансон
ales, alex
alessandra, alexandra
alessandra, αλεξανδρα
alessandra, александра
alessandro, alexander
alessandro, alexandr
alessandro, alexandre
alessandro, alexandro
alessandro, alexandros
alessandro, alexandrosz
alessandro, alexandru
alessandro, allessandro
alessandro, αλεξανδρος
alessandro, александар
alessandro, александер
alessandro, александр
alessandro, александър
alessandro, алесандро
alessandro, алессандро
alessandro, олександр
alessandro, ալեսանդրո
alessandro, ալեքսանդր
alessandro, ალექსანდრე
alex, alexej
alex, αλεξης
alex, ալեքսեյ
alexander, alexandr
alexander, alexandre
alexander, alexandros
alexander, alexandrosz
alexander, alexandru
alexander, oleksandr
alexander, ołeksandr
alexander, αλεξανδρος
alexander, αλεξαντερ
alexander, αλεξαντρ
alexander, александар
alexander, александер
alexander, александр
alexander, александрос
alexander, александър
alexander, алессандро
alexander, олександр
alexander, ալեքսանդր
alexander, ალექსანდრე
alexandr, alexandre
alexandr, alexandru
alexandr, αλεξανδρος
alexandr, αλεξαντερ
alexandr, αλεξαντρ
alexandr, александар
alexandr, александр
alexandr, александър
alexandr, олександр
alexandr, ալեքսանդր
alexandr, ალექსანდრე
alexandra, αλεξανδρα
alexandra, александра
alexandra, олександра
alexandra, ալեքսանդրա
alexandre, alexandros
alexandre, alexandrosz
alexandre, alexandru
alexandre, oleksandr
alexandre, ołeksandr
alexandre, αλεξανδρος
alexandre, αλεξαντρ
alexandre, александар
alexandre, александер
alexandre, александр
alexandre, александру
alexandre, александър
alexandre, алесандро
alexandre, алессандро
alexandre, алешандре
alexandre, олександр
alexandre, ալեքսանդր
alexandre, ალექსანდრე
alexandros, alexandrosz
alexandros, αλεξανδρος
alexandros, александар
alexandros, александр
alexandros, александрос
alexandros, александър
alexandros, олександр
alexandrosz, αλεξανδρος
alexandrosz, александар
alexandrosz, александр
alexandrosz, александър
alexandrov, alexandrow
alexandrov, александров
alexandrova, alexandrowa
alexandrova, александрова
alexandrovna, alexandrowna
alexandrovna, αλεξαντροβνα
alexandrovna, александровна
alexandrovna, ալեքսանդրովնա
alexandrow, αλεξαντροφ
alexandrow, александров
alexandrowa, александрова
alexandrowna, αλεξαντροβνα
alexandrowna, александровна
alexandrowna, ալեքսանդրովնա
alexandru, αλεξανδρος
alexandru, александар
alexandru, александр
alexandru, александру
alexandru, александър
alexandru, олександр
alexandru, ալեքսանդր
alexandru, ალექსანდრე
alexeev, alexejew
alexeev, алексеев
alexej, alexey
alexej, алексеј
alexej, ալեքսեյ
alexejev, алексеев
alexejevna, alexejewna
alexejevna, алексеевна
alexejevna, алексејевна
alexejevna, ալեքսեեւնա
alexejew, alexeyev
alexejew, алексеев
alexejew, алексєєв
alexejew, ալեքսեեւ
alexejewa, алексеева
alexejewna, алексеевна
alexey, алексеј
alexey, ալեքսեյ
alexeyev, алексеев
alfjorov, alfyorov
alfjorov, алферов
alfons, alfonsas
alfons, alfonso
alfons, alfonz
alfons, alonso
alfons, alphonse
alfons, alphonsus
alfons, αλφονσος
alfons, алфонс
alfons, алфонсо
alfons, альфонс
alfons, альфонсо
alfons, афонсо
alfons, афонсу
alfons, ალფონსო
alfons, აფონსუ
alfonsas, alfonso
alfonsas, alfonz
alfonsas, alphonse
alfonsas, αλφονσος
alfonsas, алфонсо
alfonsas, альфонс
alfonsas, альфонсо
alfonsas, ალფონსო
alfonso, alfonz
alfonso, alonso
alfonso, alphonse
alfonso, αλφονσο
alfonso, αλφονσος
alfonso, алонсо
alfonso, алфонсо
alfonso, альфонс
alfonso, альфонсо
alfonso, афонсо
alfonso, афонсу
alfonso, ალფონსო
alfonso, აფონსუ
alfonz, alphonse
alfonz, αλφονσος
alfonz, алфонсо
alfonz, альфонс
alfonz, альфонсо
alfonz, афонсо
alfonz, афонсу
alfonz, ალფონსო
alfonz, აფონსუ
alfred, alfredas
alfred, αλφρεντ
alfred, алфред
alfred, альберт
alfred, альфред
alfred, ալֆրեդ
alfred, ალფრედ
alfredas, αλφρεντ
alfredas, алфред
alfredas, альфред
alfredo, альфредо
alfredo, ალფრედო
alfreds, альфред
alfyorov, алферов
aljabjev, alyabyev
aljaksej, alyaksey
aljakszandr, александр
alla, ałła
alla, nala
alla, алла
allah, lah
allah, αλλαχ
allah, абу
allan, аллан
allegra, аллегра
allen, john
allen, аллен
alonso, alphonse
alonso, αλφονσος
alonso, алонсо
alonso, альфонсо
aloys, алојз
alphonse, alphonsus
alphonse, αλφονσος
alphonse, алфонс
alphonse, алфонсо
alphonse, альфонс
alphonse, альфонсо
alphonse, афонсо
alphonse, афонсу
alphonse, ალფონს
alphonse, ალფონსო
alphonsus, альфонс
altaar, altars
altar, altare
altar, altars
altar, ołtarza
altare, altars
altars, oltare
altars, ołtarza
altemburgo, altenbourg
altemburgo, altenburg
altemburgo, αλτενμπουρκ
altemburgo, алтенбург
altenbourg, altenburg
altenbourg, altenburska
altenbourg, αλτενμπουρκ
altenbourg, алтенбург
altenbourg, альтенбургская
altenbourg, альтенбурзька
altenburg, altenburska
altenburg, altenbursky
altenburg, αλτενμπουρκ
altenburg, алтенбург
altenburg, альтенбургская
altenburg, альтенбурзька
altenburska, альтенбургская
altenburska, альтенбурзька
altere, elder
altere, eldre
altere, oudere
altere, ældre
althaus, альтхаус
altschuler, альтшулер
altshuler, altsjuler
altshuler, альтшулер
altshuller, альтшуллер
altsjuler, альтшулер
alvarez, alvarezova
alvarez, αλβαρεζ
alvarez, альварес
alvaro, αλβαρο
alvaro, альваро
amade, amadeo
amade, amadeu
amade, amadeus
amade, amadeusz
amade, amedee
amade, amedeo
amadeo, amadeu
amadeo, amadeus
amadeo, amadeusz
amadeo, amedee
amadeo, amedeo
amadeo, амадео
amadeu, amadeus
amadeu, amadeusz
amadeu, amedee
amadeu, amedeo
amadeus, amadeusz
amadeus, amedee
amadeus, amedeo
amadeusz, amedee
amadeusz, amedeo
amajak, амаяк
amajak, հմայակ
amakawa, амакава
amand, amandus
amand, armand
amanda, mandy
amato, amatus
ambust, ambusto
ambust, ambustus
ambust, амбуст
ambusto, ambustus
ambusto, амбуст
ambustus, амбуст
amedee, amedeo
amedeo, амадео
amenemes, amenemhat
amenemes, amenemhet
amenemes, аменемхет
amenemes, ამენემჰეტ
amenemhat, amenemhet
amenemhat, аменемхет
amenemhat, ამენემჰეტ
amenemhet, аменемхет
amenemhet, ამენემჰეტ
amenhotep, amenhotepas
amenhotep, аменхотеп
amenhotepas, аменхотеп
amet, амет
ana, anna
ana, anne
ana, αννα
ana, ана
ana, анна
ana, ганна
ana, աննա
ana, ანა
anagnostopoulos, αναγνωστοπουλος
anagnostopoulou, αναγνωστοπουλου
ananev, ananjev
ananev, ananyev
ananev, ананьев
ananjev, ananyev
ananjev, ананьев
ananyev, ананьев
anastase, anastazy
anastase, anasztaz
anastazy, anasztaz
anatolevna, anatoljevna
anatolevna, anatoljewna
anatolevna, анатольевна
anatoljevna, anatoljewna
anatoljevna, анатольевна
anatoljewna, anatolyevna
anatoljewna, анатольевна
anderl, andreas
anderson, andersonova
anderson, αντερσον
anderson, андерсон
andersonova, αντερσον
andersonova, андерсон
andersson, anderssonova
andersson, андерссон
andonov, andonow
andonov, андонов
andonova, andonowa
andonova, андонова
andonow, андонов
andonowa, андонова
andras, andre
andras, andrea
andras, andreas
andras, andrej
andras, andres
andras, andreu
andras, andrew
andras, andrzej
andras, ondrej
andre, andrea
andre, andreas
andre, andrej
andre, andres
andre, andreu
andre, andrew
andre, andrey
andre, andrzej
andre, ondrej
andre, ανδρεας
andre, андре
andre, эндрю
andrea, andreas
andrea, andres
andrea, andrew
andrea, andrzej
andrea, ανδρεας
andrea, αντρεα
andrea, андреа
andrea, андреас
andrea, андреја
andrea, անդրեա
andreas, andrej
andreas, andres
andreas, andreu
andreas, andrew
andreas, andrzej
andreas, endre
andreas, ondrej
andreas, ανδρεας
andreas, андре
andreas, андреа
andreas, андреас
andreas, անդրեա
andreev, andreew
andreev, andrejev
andreev, andrejew
andreev, andreyev
andreev, андреев
andreev, андреєв
andreev, անդրեեւ
andreeva, andrejeva
andreeva, andrejewa
andreeva, андреева
andreeva, անդրեեւա
andreevna, andrejevna
andreevna, andrejewna
andreevna, andreyevna
andreevna, андреевна
andreew, андреев
andrej, andrejus
andrej, andrew
andrej, andrey
andrej, andrzej
andrej, ανδρεας
andrej, андреј
andrej, անդրեյ
andreja, андреја
andrejev, andrejew
andrejev, andreyev
andrejev, андреев
andrejev, андреєв
andrejev, անդրեեւ
andrejeva, andrejewa
andrejeva, andreyeva
andrejeva, андреева
andrejevna, andrejewna
andrejevna, andreyevna
andrejevna, андреевна
andrejew, andreyev
andrejew, андреев
andrejew, андреєв
andrejew, անդրեեւ
andrejewa, andreyeva
andrejewa, андреева
andrejewna, andreyevna
andrejewna, андреевна
andrejus, andrey
andrejus, andrzej
andrejus, андреј
andrejus, անդրեյ
andres, andreu
andres, andrew
andres, andrzej
andres, ondrej
andres, ανδρεας
andres, андреа
andres, андрес
andreu, andrew
andreu, andrzej
andrew, andrey
andrew, andrzej
andrew, andy
andrew, endre
andrew, ondrej
andrew, ανδρεας
andrew, андре
andrew, андрю
andrew, ендру
andrew, ендрю
andrew, ендрју
andrew, эндрю
andrew, էնդրյու
andrey, andrzej
andrey, андреј
andrey, անդրեյ
andreyev, андреев
andreyev, андреєв
andreyev, անդրեեւ
andreyeva, андреева
andreyevna, андреевна
andromachos, andromaco
andromachus, andromaco
androstene, androstenes
androstene, androsthenes
androstenes, androsthenes
andrzej, ondrej
andrzej, анджеј
andy, ендру
andy, эндрю
ang, tang
ange, angel
ange, angelo
ange, ангел
ange, анж
angel, angelo
angel, angelos
angel, angeł
angel, anhel
angel, ανχελ
angel, ангел
angel, анхел
angel, анхель
angel, ејнџел
angel, անխել
angel, էնջել
angela, angeles
angela, ngela
angela, αντζελα
angela, ангела
angela, анджела
angela, анжела
angela, анхела
angela, анџела
angela, անժելա
angela, անջելա
angeles, angels
angeles, анхелес
angelo, angelos
angelo, angelus
angelo, αγγελος
angelo, ангел
angelo, анджело
angelo, анжело
angelo, анхело
angelo, անջելո
angelopoulos, αγγελοπουλος
angelos, αγγελος
angelos, ангел
angelos, ангелос
angelov, angelow
angelov, angełow
angelov, ангелов
angelova, angelowa
angelova, ангелова
angelow, ангелов
angelowa, ангелова
angelus, ангелус
anger, ангер
angeł, ангел
angełow, ангелов
anghel, ангел
angouleme, angulema
angouleme, ανγκουλεμ
angulema, ανγκουλεμ
angus, ανγκους
anhalt, ανχαλτ
anhalt, ангальт
anhalt, анхалт
anhalt, анхальт
anja, анья
anja, аня
anja, ања
anjotef, antef
anjou, ανζου
anjou, анжу
anna, anne
anna, ganna
anna, hanna
anna, johanna
anna, αννα
anna, ана
anna, анна
anna, ганна
anna, фон
anna, աննա
anna, ანა
annaeus, anneo
anne, αννα
anne, анн
anne, анна
anne, энн
anne, ანა
ansbach, ansbasska
ansbach, ansbassko
ansbach, ansbassky
ansbach, ανσμπαχ
ansbach, ансбах
ansbach, ансбахская
ansbasska, ανσμπαχ
ansbasska, ансбах
ansbasska, ансбахская
ansbassko, ансбах
anselm, anselme
anselm, anselmo
anselm, anselmus
anselm, ансельм
anselme, anselmo
anselme, anselmus
anselme, ансельм
anselmo, anselmus
anselmo, ансельм
anselmus, ансельм
ant, anton
antal, anthony
antal, anton
antal, антон
antanas, anton
anthon, anton
anthony, anton
anthony, antony
anthony, антон
anthony, антуан
antje, антье
antje, антьє
anton, αντον
anton, антон
anton, антуан
antonov, antonow
antonov, αντονοφ
antonov, антонов
antonova, antonowa
antonova, антонова
antonovna, антоновна
antonow, αντονοφ
antonow, антонов
antonowa, антонова
antonowna, антоновна
anvar, anwar
anvar, анвар
anwar, анвар
anzhela, анжела
anzu, андзу
aojama, aoyama
aojama, аояма
aosta, aoste
aosta, αοστας
aoste, αοστας
aoyama, аояма
aozora, аодзора
apastalas, apostelen
apastalas, apostol
apastalas, апостол
apel, apeles
apel, apelle
apel, апеллес
apeles, apelle
apeles, апеллес
apelle, apelles
apollo, аполлос
apollodor, apollodoro
apollodor, apollodorus
apollodor, apolodoro
apollodore, apollodoro
apollodore, apollodoros
apollodore, apollodorus
apollodore, apolodoro
apollodore, απολλοδωρος
apollodore, аполлодор
apollodoro, apollodoros
apollodoro, apollodorus
apollodoro, apolodoro
apollodoro, απολλοδωρος
apollodoro, аполлодор
apollodoros, apollodorus
apollodoros, apolodoro
apollodoros, απολλοδωρος
apollodoros, аполлодор
apollodorus, apolodoro
apollodorus, απολλοδωρος
apollodorus, аполлодор
apollofane, apollophanes
apollon, аполлон
apolodoro, απολλοδωρος
apolodoro, аполлодор
apostelen, apostol
apostelen, апостол
apostol, апостол
apostolov, апостолов
apostoł, апостол
apostołow, апостолов
aragao, arago
aragao, aragon
aragao, aragona
aragao, арагон
aragao, арагона
arago, aragon
arago, aragona
arago, αραγκο
arago, арагона
aragon, aragona
aragon, αραγον
aragon, арагон
aragon, арагона
aragona, арагона
arakawa, аракава
arapow, арапов
arash, араш
araujo, араужо
araujo, араужу
araujo, араухо
arbuthnot, арбетнот
arcagato, archagathus
arch, арч
archagathos, archagathus
archelao, archelaos
archelao, archelaus
archelao, arquelao
archelao, arquelau
archelao, αρχελαος
archelaos, archelaus
archelaos, arquelao
archelaos, arquelau
archelaos, αρχελαος
archelaus, arquelao
archelaus, arquelau
archelaus, αρχελαος
archer, арчер
arcy, darcy
areta, aretas
areta, aretes
areta, арета
aretas, aretes
aretas, арета
aretes, арета
argo, argos
argyre, argyros
argyre, αργυρος
argyro, αργυρω
argyropoulos, αργυροπουλος
argyros, αργυρος
arja, арья
arjan, арьян
arje, aryeh
arje, арье
arjen, арьен
arkadjevna, аркадьевна
arkadjew, аркадьев
arle, arles
armagnac, armagnacu
armagnac, armanyac
armagnac, арманьяк
armagnacu, арманьяк
armand, αρμαν
armand, арман
armand, арманд
armand, արման
armand, არმან
armanyac, арманьяк
armstrong, αρμστρονγκ
armstrong, армстронг
arnaldo, arnau
arnaldo, arnaud
arnaldo, arnold
arnaldo, арно
arnaldo, арнолд
arnaldo, арнольд
arnau, arnaud
arnau, арно
arnaud, arnold
arnaud, αρνο
arnaud, арно
arnaud, арнолд
arnaud, арнольд
arnaud, առնո
arnold, arnoldo
arnold, arnoldus
arnold, arnolfo
arnold, arnoud
arnold, arnoul
arnold, arnould
arnold, arnulf
arnold, arnulfo
arnold, αρνολντ
arnold, αρνουλφος
arnold, арнолд
arnold, арнольд
arnold, арнуль
arnold, арнульф
arnold, առնոլդ
arnold, არნოლდ
arnoldas, арнольд
arnolds, арнольд
arnolfo, arnoul
arnolfo, arnulf
arnolfo, arnulfo
arnolfo, αρνουλφος
arnolfo, арнулф
arnolfo, арнульф
arnost, ernest
arnost, ernesto
arnost, ernst
arnost, ερνεστος
arnost, ернст
arnost, эрнст
arnoud, arnould
arnoul, arnulf
arnoul, arnulfo
arnoul, αρνουλφος
arnoul, арнулф
arnoul, арнульф
arnuanda, arnuvanda
arnuanda, arnuvandas
arnuanda, arnuvandasz
arnuanda, arnuwanda
arnuanda, арнуванда
arnuanda, არნუვანდა
arnulf, arnulfo
arnulf, αρνουλφος
arnulf, арнулф
arnulf, арнульф
arnulfo, αρνουλφος
arnulfo, арнулф
arnulfo, арнульф
arnuvanda, arnuvandas
arnuvanda, arnuvandasz
arnuvanda, arnuwanda
arnuvanda, арнуванда
arnuvanda, არნუვანდა
arnuvandas, arnuvandasz
arnuvandas, arnuwanda
arnuvandas, арнуванда
arnuvandas, არნუვანდა
arnuvandasz, arnuwanda
arnuvandasz, арнуванда
arnuvandasz, არნუვანდა
arnuwanda, арнуванда
arnuwanda, არნუვანდა
aroetjun, арутюн
aroetjunov, арутюнов
aron, аарон
aron, арон
arpad, αρπαντ
arpad, арпад
arquelao, arquelau
arquelao, αρχελαος
arquelau, αρχελαος
arroyo, аројо
arsace, arsak
arsame, arsames
arsame, αρσαμης
arsame, арсам
arsames, αρσαμης
arsames, арсам
arschak, arshak
arschak, аршак
arschak, արշակ
arsenjew, arsenyev
arsenjew, арсеньев
arsenyev, арсеньев
arshad, аршад
arshak, аршак
arshak, արշակ
arshak, არშაკ
arshakyan, аршакян
arshakyan, արշակյան
arshba, аршба
arslan, aslan
arslan, арслан
arszak, аршак
art, arthur
art, арт
art, артур
artaban, artabanes
artaban, artabano
artaban, artabanos
artaban, artabanus
artaban, αρταβανος
artaban, артабан
artaban, արտավան
artabanes, артабан
artabanes, արտավան
artabano, artabanos
artabano, artabanus
artabano, αρταβανος
artabanos, artabanus
artabanos, αρταβανος
artabanus, αρταβανος
artasches, artashes
artasches, арташес
artasches, արտաշես
artashes, арташес
artashes, արտաշես
artaud, арто
artavasdes, artavazde
artavasdes, артавазд
artavasdes, արտավազդ
artavazde, արտավազդ
artem, artjom
artem, artyom
artem, артем
artemev, артемьев
artemjev, artemyev
artemjev, артемьев
artemo, artemon
artemo, artemone
artemon, artemone
artemyev, артемьев
arthur, artur
arthur, arturas
arthur, arturo
arthur, artus
arthur, αρθουρ
arthur, αρθουρος
arthur, αρτουρ
arthur, αρτυρ
arthur, арт
arthur, артур
arthur, артър
arthur, артюр
arthur, արթուր
arthur, ართურ
arthur, არტურ
artjom, artom
artjom, artyom
artjom, артем
artjom, արտյոմ
artjomenko, артеменко
artjomov, артемов
artoer, артур
artom, артем
artsyom, артем
artur, arturo
artur, αρθουρ
artur, αρθουρος
artur, αρτουρ
artur, артур
artur, արթուր
artur, არტურ
arturas, αρθουρ
arturas, артур
arturas, артър
arturas, արթուր
arturo, артур
arturs, артур
arturs, артурс
artyom, артем
artyomov, артемов
aryeh, арье
arzumanyan, арзуманян
asaf, асаф
asakawa, асакава
asanes, ασανης
asanes, асен
asarow, azarov
asarow, азаров
asbjorn, asbjørn
asbjorn, асбьерн
asbjørn, асбьерн
asburgo, habsburg
asburgo, osztrak
ascher, asher
ascher, ашер
aschot, ashot
aschot, ашот
aschot, աշոտ
aschraf, ashraf
aschraf, ашраф
asdrubal, asdrubale
asdrubal, hasdrubal
asdrubal, hazdrubal
asdrubal, гасдрубал
asdrubal, хасдрубал
asdrubale, hasdrubal
asdrubale, hazdrubal
asdrubale, гасдрубал
asdrubale, хасдрубал
aseev, asejev
aseev, assejew
aseev, асеев
asejev, асеев
asenova, assenowa
aser, asher
aser, aszer
aser, ашер
asgarov, əsgərov
asher, aszer
asher, ашер
asher, эшер
ashford, эшфорд
ashok, ашок
ashot, aszot
ashot, ашот
ashot, աշոտ
ashot, აშოტ
ashraf, asraf
ashraf, aszraf
ashraf, esref
ashraf, ашраф
ashton, αστον
ashton, ештон
ashton, эштон
ashton, էշթոն
ashur, assur
ashur, aszur
ashur, ασουρ
ashur, ашшур
ashur, აშურ
aslan, asłan
aslan, аслан
asot, ашот
asot, աշոտ
asparuch, asparukh
asparuch, аспарух
asparuh, asparukh
asparuh, аспарух
asparukh, аспарух
asprenas, asprenate
asprenas, аспренат
asprenate, аспренат
asraf, esref
asraf, ашраф
assejew, асеев
assenowa, асенова
assur, aszur
assur, ασουρ
assur, ашшур
assur, აშურ
astachov, astakhov
astachov, астахов
astachowa, astakhova
astachowa, астахова
astafyev, астафьев
astakhov, астахов
astakhov, աստախով
astakhova, астахова
aswad, esved
aszot, ашот
aszot, աշոտ
aszraf, ашраф
aszur, ασουρ
aszur, ашшур
aszur, აშურ
asłan, аслан
atal, atalo
atal, attale
atal, attalo
atal, attalos
atal, attalus
atal, ατταλος
atal, атал
atal, аттал
atalo, attale
atalo, attalo
atalo, attalos
atalo, attalus
atalo, ατταλος
atalo, атал
atalo, аттал
atanasov, atanassow
atanasov, атанасов
atanasova, atanassowa
atanassow, атанасов
atayew, атаев
aten, atenas
aten, atene
aten, atenes
aten, athen
aten, athenes
aten, athens
atenas, atene
atenas, atenes
atenas, athen
atenas, athenes
atenas, athens
atene, atenes
atene, athen
atene, athene
atene, athenes
atene, athens
ateneo, ateneu
ateneo, athenaeus
atenes, athen
atenes, athene
atenes, athenes
atenes, athens
ateneu, athenaeus
atenodor, atenodoro
atenodor, athenodore
atenodor, athenodoros
atenodor, athenodorus
atenodor, αθηνοδωρος
atenodoro, athenodore
atenodoro, athenodoros
atenodoro, athenodorus
atenodoro, αθηνοδωρος
athanasopoulos, αθανασοπουλος
athen, athenes
athen, athens
athena, αθηνα
athene, athens
athenes, athens
athenodoros, athenodorus
athenodorus, αθηνοδωρος
atherton, атертон
atherton, этертон
athos, атос
ato, aton
attale, attalo
attale, attalos
attale, attalus
attale, ατταλος
attale, атал
attale, аттал
attalo, attalos
attalo, attalus
attalo, ατταλος
attalo, атал
attalo, аттал
attalos, attalus
attalos, ατταλος
attalos, атал
attalos, аттал
attalus, ατταλος
attalus, атал
attalus, аттал
atwell, этвелл
atwood, этвуд
aubert, обер
audur, auður
auerbach, ауэрбах
august, augustas
august, auguste
august, augusto
august, augustus
august, augustyn
august, avgoest
august, avgust
august, αουγκουστ
august, αυγουστος
august, август
august, авґуст
august, аугуст
august, огюст
august, աուգուստ
august, ավգուստ
august, օգյուստ
august, ავგუსტ
augusta, auguste
augusta, auguszta
augusta, αυγουστα
augusta, августа
augustas, augusto
augustas, αυγουστος
augustas, август
augustas, ავგუსტ
auguste, augusto
auguste, augustus
auguste, auguszta
auguste, αυγουστα
auguste, αυγουστος
auguste, ωγκυστ
auguste, август
auguste, августа
auguste, аугуст
auguste, огюст
auguste, օգյուստ
auguste, ავგუსტ
augustenborg, augustenbourg
augustenborg, augustenburg
augustenbourg, augustenburg
augusto, augustus
augusto, αουγκουστο
augusto, αυγουστος
augusto, август
augusto, августо
augusto, аугуст
augusto, аугусто
augusto, աուգուստո
augusto, օգոստոս
augusto, ავგუსტ
augustus, αυγουστος
augustus, август
augustus, аугуст
augustus, օգոստոս
augustus, ავგუსტ
auguszta, αυγουστα
auguszta, августа
aukland, эукланн
aule, aulo
aule, aulus
aule, авл
aule, авъл
aulnay, онэ
aulo, aulus
aulo, авл
aulo, авъл
aulus, авл
aulus, авъл
aurora, аврора
autel, dell
auteur, author
autumn, отем
auvergne, овернь
auxonne, ωξον
avad, awad
avagyan, авагян
avagyan, авакян
avagyan, ավագյան
avakyan, авакян
avakyan, ավագյան
avanesov, аванесов
avbelj, авбељ
avdeev, avdejev
avdeev, авдеев
avdejev, avdeyev
avdejev, awdejew
avdejev, авдеев
avdeyev, awdejew
avdeyev, авдеев
averbakh, авербах
averbukh, авербух
averchenko, аверченко
averjanov, averyanov
averjanov, awerjanow
averjanov, аверьянов
averoff, αβερωφ
averyanov, awerjanow
averyanov, аверьянов
avgoest, август
avgust, awgust
avgust, август
avraam, αβρααμ
avraam, авраам
avraham, awraham
avraham, авраам
avraham, ավրաամ
avram, αβραμ
avram, аврам
avramov, awramow
avramov, аврамов
awad, авад
awang, аванг
awano, авано
awata, авата
awaya, авая
awdejew, авдеев
awerjanow, аверьянов
awgust, август
awramow, аврамов
axundov, ахундов
ayaka, аяка
ayala, ајала
ayrapetyan, հայրապետյան
ayukawa, аюкава
azar, elazar
azarjan, azaryan
azarjan, азарян
azarjan, ազարյան
azarov, азаров
azaryan, азарян
azaryan, ազարյան
aznavour, αζναβουρ
aznavour, азнавур
azuma, адзума
azusa, адзуса
ałan, алан
ałeksandar, александар
ałła, nala
ałła, алла
babaev, babajev
babaev, babajew
babaev, babayev
babaev, бабаев
babajan, babayan
babajan, бабаян
babajan, բաբայան
babajev, babajew
babajev, babayev
babajev, бабаев
babajew, babayev
babajew, бабаев
babayan, бабаян
babayan, բաբայան
babayev, бабаев
babenberg, babenberska
babenberg, babenbersky
babenberg, бабенберг
babenberg, бабенбергская
babenberska, бабенберг
babenberska, бабенбергская
babenbersky, бабенберг
bacall, бэколл
bach, bachova
bach, μπαχ
bach, бах
bach, բախ
bachmann, бахман
bachmann, бахманн
bachova, бах
bade, baden
bade, durlach
bade, του
bade, баден
baden, durlach
baden, του
baden, баден
bagajev, bagayev
bagajev, багаев
bagayev, багаев
bagdasarjan, багдасарян
bagdasarjan, բաղդասարյան
baghdasaryan, багдасарян
baghdasaryan, բաղդասարյան
bah, μπα
bahadur, багадур
bahadur, бахадур
bahram, vahram
bahram, βαραμης
bahram, бахрам
baja, pacha
baja, pasa
baja, pascha
baja, pasha
baja, pasza
baja, паша
bajan, bayan
bajo, бахо
bakanov, bakanow
bakanov, баканов
bakanow, баканов
bakhyt, бахыт
bakradse, bakradze
bakradse, ბაქრაძე
bakradze, ბაქრაძე
balaban, bałaban
balabanov, balabanow
balabanov, балабанов
balabanova, balabanowa
balabanova, балабанова
balabanowa, балабанова
balaguer, балагер
balan, μπαλαν
balaschow, balashov
balaschow, балашов
balashov, балашов
balazs, балаж
balb, balbo
balb, balbus
balb, балб
balb, бальб
balbo, balbus
balbo, балб
balbo, бальб
balbus, балб
balbus, бальб
baldassare, balthazar
ballas, μπαλλας
ballenstedt, μπαλλενστετ
ballesteros, бальестерос
balogh, балог
baltasar, baltazar
baltasar, balthasar
baltasar, balthazar
baltasar, балтазар
baltazar, balthasar
baltazar, balthazar
baltazar, балтазар
balthasar, balthazar
balthasar, балтазар
balthasar, бальтазар
balthazar, балтазар
balthazar, бальтазар
balzo, балцо
balzo, бальцо
bamba, μπαμπα
bamba, бамба
bamberger, бамбергер
banach, банах
banh, peng
banks, банкс
bannykh, банных
bansho, бансе
baqyt, бахыт
bar, ben
bar, μπαρ
bar, бар
barabasz, барабаш
baranau, баранов
baranov, baranow
baranov, баранов
baranova, baranowa
baranova, баранова
baranovskaja, baranovskaya
baranovskaja, baranowska
baranovskaja, барановская
baranow, баранов
baranowa, баранова
barantsev, баранцев
barao, baron
barao, barone
barao, barros
barao, faro
barao, paula
barao, pedro
barbara, barbel
barbara, barbora
barbara, borbala
barbara, βαρβαρα
barbara, барбара
barbara, ბარბარა
barbaro, barbarus
barbaro, барбар
barbarus, барбар
barbat, barbato
barbat, barbatus
barbat, барбат
barbato, barbatus
barbato, барбат
barbatus, барбат
barbora, borbala
barbora, барбара
barbot, барбо
barbour, барбо
barchatov, barkhatov
barchatov, бархатов
barchatow, barkhatov
barchatow, бархатов
barchfeld, μπαρχφελτ
barchfeld, бархфелд
bardur, barður
barkhatov, бархатов
barkhudaryan, բարխուդարյան
barkov, barkow
barkov, барков
barkow, барков
barlett, bartlett
barlow, барлоу
baro, baron
baron, barone
baron, baronet
baron, farwn
baron, βαρονος
baron, βαρωνος
baron, барон
barone, βαρονος
barone, барон
barraud, барро
barre, μπαρε
barrow, барроу
barrow, бэрроу
barseghyan, барсегян
barseghyan, բարսեղյան
barsov, barsow
barsov, барсов
barsow, барсов
barsukov, barsukow
barsukov, барсуков
barsukow, барсуков
bart, barth
bart, барт
barth, барт
barthe, барт
barthel, бартель
barthelemy, bartholomaeus
barthelemy, bartholomeus
barthelemy, bartholomew
barthelemy, bartolomeo
barthold, bartold
bartholomaeus, bartholomaus
bartholomaeus, bartholomeus
bartholomaeus, bartholomew
bartholomaeus, bartholomæus
bartholomaeus, bartolomeo
bartholomaus, bartholomeus
bartholomaus, bartholomew
bartholomaus, bartolomeo
bartholomaus, бартоломеус
bartholome, bartolome
bartholomeus, bartolomeo
bartholomew, bartolomeo
bartholomew, bartolomeu
bartholomew, бартоломью
bartok, μπαρτοκ
bartok, барток
bartok, բարտոկ
bartolome, bartomeu
bartolomeo, bartolommeo
bartolomeo, μπαρτολομεο
bartolomeo, бартоломео
bartolommeo, бартоломео
bartosz, бартош
baruch, μπαρουχ
baruch, барух
baruth, барут
baryshev, барышев
bas, baso
bas, basso
bas, bassus
bas, lebas
bas, бас
bas, басс
bashar, башар
basho, bashou
basho, басе
bashou, басе
baskakow, баскаков
basmanov, basmanow
basmanov, басманов
basmanow, басманов
baso, basso
baso, bassus
baso, бас
baso, басс
basov, басов
basso, bassus
basso, бас
basso, басс
bassus, бас
bassus, басс
batalov, баталов
batatzes, vatatzes
batałow, баталов
bathory, batory
bathurst, батерст
batyrov, batyrow
batyrov, батыров
batyrow, батыров
bauer, μπαουερ
bauer, бауэр
bauffremont, бофремон
baume, лабом
baurzhan, bauyrzan
baurzhan, bauyrzhan
baurzhan, бауржан
bausch, бауш
bauyrzan, bauyrzhan
bauyrzhan, бауржан
bavorska, bawarska
bavorska, баварска
bavorska, баварская
bavorska, баварська
bawarska, баварска
bawarska, баварская
bawarska, баварська
bay, bey
bay, бек
bayev, баев
bazarov, базаров
bazhanov, бажанов
bazhenov, баженов
bazjanov, бажанов
bazjenov, баженов
bałaban, балабан
beaumont, бомон
becca, rebecca
beche, besche
beck, μπεκ
beck, бек
becker, beckerova
becker, μπεκερ
becker, бекер
becker, беккер
becky, rebecca
bedros, pedro
beg, bey
beg, бег
bej, bey
bejarano, бехарано
beketov, beketow
beketov, бекетов
beketow, бекетов
bekzhanov, бекжанов
bela, μπελα
bela, бела
bela, բելա
beljaev, beljajev
beljaev, beljajew
beljaev, belyaev
beljaev, belyayev
beljaev, беляев
beljajev, beljajew
beljajev, belyaev
beljajev, belyayev
beljajev, беляев
beljajev, бєляєв
beljajew, belyaev
beljajew, belyayev
beljajew, беляев
beljajew, бєляєв
beljajew, բելյաեւ
beljajewa, belyayeva
beljakov, beljakow
beljakov, belyakov
beljakov, беляков
beljakow, belyakov
beljakow, беляков
bell, μπελ
bell, бел
bell, белл
bella, μπελα
bella, белла
bello, μπελο
bello, бело
belousov, beloussow
belousov, белоусов
beloussow, белоусов
belov, below
belov, белов
belov, бєлов
belova, belowa
below, белов
below, бєлов
belowa, белова
belskaja, бельская
beltran, bertran
belyaev, belyayev
belyaev, беляев
belyaev, բելյաեւ
belyakov, беляков
belyayev, беляев
belyayev, бєляєв
belyayev, բելյաեւ
belych, belykh
belych, белых
belykh, белых
bembo, бембо
ben, syn
ben, μπεν
ben, бен
ben, բեն
ben, ბენ
benedek, benedetto
benedek, benedykt
benedek, benet
benedek, bento
benedetto, benedykt
benedetto, benet
benedetto, bento
benedetto, бенедетто
benedykt, benet
benedykt, bento
benedykt, бенедетто
benet, bento
benn, bennett
bennett, μπενετ
bennett, беннетт
benz, бенц
berangere, berengere
berard, берар
beraud, беро
berch, bergh
berengar, berenger
berengar, berenguer
berengar, беренгар
berengar, беренгер
berenger, berenguer
berenger, беренгар
berenger, беренгер
berenguer, беренгер
berezhkov, бережков
berg, μπερκ
berge, berger
berge, берге
bergen, berghes
bergen, берген
bergen, բերգեն
berger, бергер
bergeron, бержерон
bergmann, bergmannova
bergmann, бергман
bergner, бергнер
bermejo, бермехо
bernal, μπερναλ
bernard, bernardo
bernard, bernardus
bernard, bernat
bernard, bernhard
bernard, βερναρδος
bernard, μπερναρ
bernard, бернар
bernard, бернард
bernard, бернгард
bernard, бернхард
bernard, բեռնար
bernard, բերնար
bernard, ბერნარ
bernardo, bernat
bernardo, bernhard
bernardo, βερναρδος
bernardo, бернар
bernardo, бернард
bernardo, бернардо
bernardo, бернгард
bernardo, бернхард
bernardus, bernhard
bernat, bernhard
bernat, бернар
bernat, бернард
bernd, bernhard
bernd, μπερντ
bernd, бернд
bernd, բերնդ
bernhard, βερναρδος
bernhard, бернар
bernhard, бернард
bernhard, бернгард
bernhard, бернхард
bernhard, ბერნჰარდ
berta, bertha
berta, berthe
berta, μπερθα
berta, берта
bertha, berthe
bertha, μπερθα
bertha, берта
berthe, μπερθα
berthe, берта
berthelsen, бертельсен
berthold, bertold
berthold, bertoldo
berthold, бертольд
berthold, бертхолд
berthold, бертхольд
bertold, bertoldo
bertold, бертольд
bertold, бертхолд
bertoldo, бертольд
bertoldo, бертхолд
bertran, bertrand
bertran, bertrando
bertran, βερτρανδος
bertran, бертран
bertrand, bertrando
bertrand, βερτρανδος
bertrand, μπερτραν
bertrand, μπερτραντ
bertrand, бертран
bertrand, бертранд
bertrand, բերտրան
bertrando, βερτρανδος
bertrando, бертран
besancon, բեզանսոն
besch, беш
bessonov, bessonow
bessonov, бессонов
bessonow, бессонов
bestayev, бестаев
bestuschew, bestuzhev
bestuschew, бестужев
bestuzhev, бестужев
betancourt, бетанкур
beth, бет
bethe, μπετε
bethe, бете
bethe, ბეთე
bethge, бетге
bethmann, бетман
bethune, бетьюн
bethune, бетюн
bethune, բեթյու
bettencourt, бетанкур
betty, μπετυ
betz, бетц
bey, bəy
bey, бег
bey, бек
bezborodko, безбородько
bezjak, безьяк
bezrukov, безруков
bhushan, бхушан
bjarne, бьярне
bjelajac, бјелајац
bjerre, бьерре
bjoern, bjorn
bjoern, bjørn
bjoern, бьерн
bjoern, бьорн
bjorge, bjørge
bjork, бьерк
bjorklund, бьерклунд
bjorn, bjørn
bjorn, бьерн
bjorn, бьорн
bjorn, бјерн
bjorn, єрн
bjorn, բյորն
bjorndalen, bjørndalen
bjørn, бьерн
bjørn, бьорн
bjørn, բյորն
blaauw, blauw
black, blackova
black, μπλακ
black, блек
black, блэк
black, բլեք
blackova, блэк
blackw, blackwell
blackwell, блеквелл
blackwood, блэквуд
blaesus, bles
blaesus, bleso
blaesus, блез
blagoj, благој
blagoja, благоя
blagoja, благоја
blagoje, благое
blagoje, благоє
blagoje, благоје
blanc, leblanc
blanc, μπλανκ
blanc, блан
blanc, бланк
blanc, բլան
blanca, blanche
blanca, blanka
blanca, branca
blanca, бланка
blanca, бланш
blanca, ბლანკა
blanch, бланч
blanchard, бланчард
blanche, blanka
blanche, branca
blanche, бланка
blanche, бланш
blanche, ბლანკა
blanka, branca
blanka, бланка
blanka, бланш
blanka, ბლანკა
blaszczyk, błaszczyk
blaze, blazhe
blazej, błazej
blazhe, блаже
bles, bleso
bles, блез
bleso, блез
bloch, блок
bloch, блох
blok, блок
bloom, μπλουμ
bloom, блум
bloomberg, блумберг
blucher, blycher
blucher, блюхер
blue, μπλου
blue, блу
blumenthal, блюменталь
bob, боб
bobkow, бобков
bobrov, bobrow
bobrov, бобров
bobrow, бобров
bochan, бохан
bocharov, botcharov
bocharov, botscharow
bocharov, бочаров
bochkareva, бочкарева
bochkov, бочков
bodrov, bodrow
bodrov, бодров
bodrow, бодров
bodvarsson, boðvarsson
boelgakov, bulgakov
boelgakov, булгаков
boemondo, bohemond
boemondo, bohemund
boemondo, bohemundo
boemondo, боемунд
boemondo, боэмунд
boemondo, ბოემონდ
boemund, bohemond
boemund, bohemundo
boemund, боемунд
boesjoeev, бушуев
boettcher, bottcher
boettcher, беттхер
bogachyov, богачев
bogatsjjov, богачев
bogatyrjow, богатырев
bogatyryov, богатырев
bogdan, bohdan
bogdan, богдан
bogdanov, bogdanow
bogdanov, богданов
bogdanova, bogdanowa
bogdanova, богданова
bogdanow, богданов
bogdanowa, богданова
bogen, боген
bogolubow, боголюбов
bogomolov, bogomolow
bogomolov, bogomołow
bogomolov, богомолов
bogomolow, богомолов
bogomołow, богомолов
boguslavas, bogusław
boguslavas, богуслав
boguslaw, bogusław
boguslaw, богуслав
bogusz, богуш
bogusław, богуслав
bohdan, богдан
bohdan, բոգդան
bohdanov, богданов
boheme, bohemen
boheme, bohmen
bohemen, bohmen
bohemond, bohemund
bohemond, bohemundo
bohemond, боемунд
bohemond, боэмунд
bohemond, ბოემონდ
bohemund, bohemundo
bohemund, боемунд
bohemund, боэмунд
bohemund, ბოემონდ
bohemundo, боемунд
bohemundo, боэмунд
bohemundo, ბოემონდ
bohnenberger, боненбергер
bohr, μπορ
bohr, бор
bohr, բոր
bohun, богун
bohun, боэн
bohuslav, богуслав
bohusz, богуш
bojan, boyan
bojan, боян
bojan, бојан
bojana, бояна
bojana, бојана
bokov, bykov
bokov, быков
boleslao, boleslas
boleslao, boleslau
boleslao, boleslaus
boleslao, boleslav
boleslao, boleslaw
boleslao, boleslovas
boleslao, boleszlav
boleslao, bolesław
boleslao, μπολεσλαφ
boleslao, болеслав
boleslao, ბოლესლავ
boleslas, boleslau
boleslas, boleslaus
boleslas, boleslav
boleslas, boleslaw
boleslas, boleszlav
boleslas, bolesław
boleslas, μπολεσλαφ
boleslas, болеслав
boleslau, boleslaus
boleslau, boleslav
boleslau, boleslaw
boleslau, boleslovas
boleslau, boleszlav
boleslau, bolesław
boleslau, μπολεσλαος
boleslau, μπολεσλαφ
boleslau, болеслав
boleslau, ბოლესლავ
boleslaus, boleslav
boleslaus, boleslaw
boleslaus, boleszlav
boleslaus, bolesław
boleslaus, μπολεσλαος
boleslaus, болеслав
boleslav, boleslaw
boleslav, boleszlav
boleslav, bolesław
boleslav, μπολεσλαος
boleslav, болеслав
boleslaw, boleszlav
boleslaw, bolesław
boleslaw, μπολεσλαος
boleslaw, болеслав
boleslaw, բոլեսլավ
boleslaw, ბოლესლავ
boleslovas, boleszlav
boleslovas, bolesław
boleslovas, болеслав
boleslovas, ბოლესლავ
boleszlav, bolesław
boleszlav, μπολεσλαος
boleszlav, μπολεσλαφ
boleszlav, болеслав
boleszlav, ბოლესლავ
bolesław, bolko
bolesław, μπολεσλαος
bolesław, μπολεσλαφ
bolesław, болеслав
bolesław, ბოლესლავ
bolko, болеслав
bolkvadze, ბოლქვაძე
bolotov, bolotow
bolotov, болотов
bolotow, болотов
bolshakov, bolsjakov
bolshakov, большаков
bolsjakov, большаков
bona, bonna
bona, bonne
bonaparte, βοναπαρτης
bonaparte, бонапарт
bonaparte, бонапарта
bonaparte, բոնապարտ
bonaventura, bonawentura
bonawentura, бонавентура
bonch, бонч
bondarchuk, bondarcuk
bondarchuk, bondartschuk
bondarchuk, бондарчук
bondarchuk, բոնդարչուկ
bondarcuk, bondartschuk
bondarcuk, бондарчук
bondarenko, бондаренко
bondarev, бондарев
bondarew, бондарев
bondartschuk, бондарчук
bondartschuk, բոնդարչուկ
boneva, bonewa
boneva, бонева
bonewa, бонева
bonnet, бонне
bono, боно
booth, μπουθ
booth, бут
booth, բութ
borbala, βαρβαρα
borbala, барбара
borbala, ბარბარა
borbo, borbon
borbo, borbone
borbo, bourbon
borbo, burbon
borbo, βουρβονων
borbo, бурбон
borbo, бурбона
borbon, borbone
borbon, bourbon
borbon, burbon
borbon, βουρβονων
borbon, βουρβωνων
borbon, бурбон
borbon, бурбона
borbone, bourbon
borbone, burbon
borbone, βουρβονων
borbone, βουρβωνων
borbone, бурбон
borbone, бурбона
borchardt, борхардт
borchert, борхерт
borge, børge
borge, берге
borge, борге
borges, боргес
borges, боржес
borges, борхес
borghese, боргезе
borgogna, borgona
borgogna, borgonha
borgogna, borgonya
borgogna, bourgogne
borgogna, burgund
borgogna, burgundy
borgona, borgonha
borgona, borgonya
borgona, bourgogne
borgona, burgund
borgona, burgundy
borgonha, borgonya
borgonha, bourgogne
borgonha, burgund
borgonha, burgundy
borgonya, bourgogne
borgonya, burgund
borgonya, burgundy
borja, борха
borjana, boryana
borjana, боряна
borje, берье
borlee, μπορλε
borlee, борле
borman, μπορμαν
borowkow, боровков
borzenko, борзенко
bos, bosch
bosao, boson
bosao, бозон
bosch, бош
boso, boson
boso, bosone
boso, бозон
boson, bosone
boson, бозон
bosone, бозон
bosschaert, μποσχερτ
boswell, босвелл
botcharov, бочаров
botha, бота
botha, բոտա
bothe, боте
bothmer, ботмер
botho, бото
botscharow, бочаров
bouchard, burchard
boucher, бучер
boulogne, βουλωνης
bouquet, буке
bourbon, burbon
bourbon, βουρβονων
bourbon, βουρβωνων
bourbon, бурбон
bourbon, бурбона
bourgogne, burgund
bourgogne, burgundy
bousquet, буске
bowe, бове
bowen, боуэн
boyan, боян
boyd, бојд
boyer, буає
boyer, բուայե
bozhko, божко
bozhkov, bozjkov
bozhkov, bozkow
bozhkov, божков
bozjenko, боженко
bozjkov, bozkow
bozjkov, божков
bozkow, божков
brabant, brabante
brabant, brabantsky
brabant, βραβαντης
brabant, брабант
brabant, брабантска
brabant, брабантская
brabant, брабанту
brabante, brabantsky
brabante, βραβαντης
brabante, брабант
brabante, брабанту
brabantsky, βραβαντης
brabantsky, брабанту
bracha, браха
brad, bradley
brad, бред
brad, брэд
brad, բրեդ
bradley, бред
bradley, брэд
bradshaw, брэдшоу
braganca, bragance
braganca, braganza
braganca, braganzy
braganca, браганса
braganca, ბრაგანსა
bragance, braganza
bragance, браганса
braganza, браганса
braganza, ბრაგანსა
braganzy, браганса
brahe, браге
branca, бланка
branca, бланш
branca, ბლანკა
branch, бренч
brandao, брандан
brandebourg, brandeburgo
brandebourg, brandemburgo
brandebourg, brandenburg
brandebourg, brandenburgo
brandebourg, brandenburska
brandebourg, βρανδεμβουργου
brandebourg, бранденбург
brandeburgo, brandemburgo
brandeburgo, brandenbourg
brandeburgo, brandenburg
brandeburgo, brandenburgo
brandeburgo, brandenburska
brandeburgo, βρανδεμβουργου
brandeburgo, бранденбург
brandemburgo, brandenbourg
brandemburgo, brandenburg
brandemburgo, βρανδεμβουργου
brandemburgo, бранденбург
brandenbourg, brandenburg
brandenbourg, βρανδεμβουργου
brandenbourg, бранденбург
brandenburg, brandenburgo
brandenburg, brandenburska
brandenburg, βρανδεμβουργου
brandenburg, бранденбург
brandenburg, бранденбургская
brandenburg, бранденбурзька
brandenburgo, βρανδεμβουργου
brandenburgo, бранденбург
brandenburska, βρανδεμβουργου
brandenburska, бранденбургская
brandenburska, бранденбурзька
brandon, μπραντον
brandon, брэндон
brandt, μπραντ
brandt, брандт
branko, μπρανκο
branko, бранко
brasch, браш
bratanov, bratanow
bratanov, братанов
bratanow, братанов
braun, μπραουν
braun, браун
braun, բրաուն
braunas, brown
braunas, браун
braunfels, браунфелс
braunfels, браунфельсская
brecht, брехт
bregenz, брегенц
brenda, μπρεντα
brenda, бренда
brendan, μπρενταν
brendan, брендан
brennan, бреннан
brent, brenton
brent, μπρεντ
bretagna, bretagne
bretagna, bretana
bretagna, bretanha
bretagna, bretanya
bretagna, βρετανης
bretagne, bretana
bretagne, bretanha
bretagne, bretanska
bretagne, bretanya
bretagne, βρετανης
bretagne, бретонская
bretana, bretanha
bretana, βρετανης
bretana, бретонская
bretanha, bretanya
bretanska, βρετανης
bretanska, бретонская
brett, бретт
brezsky, brzeg
brochu, брошу
broder, brother
brohan, броан
brook, μπρουκ
brook, брук
brooke, μπρουκ
brooke, брук
brooks, μπρουκς
brooks, брукс
brosset, броссе
brother, bruder
brouwer, браувер
brovko, browko
brovko, бровко
browko, бровко
brown, brownova
brown, μπραουν
brown, браун
brown, բրաուն
brownova, браун
brozek, брожек
bruce, brus
bruce, μπρους
bruce, брус
bruce, брюс
bruce, բրյուս
bruch, брух
bruckn, bruckner
bruder, брат
brueghel, բրեյգել
brugsch, бругш
brun, lebrun
brunet, брюне
bruno, brunon
bruno, μπρουνο
bruno, бруно
bruno, брунон
brunon, бруно
brus, μπρους
brus, брюс
brut, bruto
brut, brutus
brut, брут
bruto, brutus
bruto, брут
brutus, брут
bryan, брајан
bryant, брајант
bua, μπουα
buch, бух
buchan, бакен
buchan, бьюкен
buchanan, бьюкенен
buchanan, бьюкэнэн
buchanan, юкенен
buchel, бюхель
bucher, бухер
buchholz, бухгольц
buchner, бухнер
buchner, бюхнер
budajew, budayev
budajew, будаев
budayev, будаев
buechler, бюхлер
buffet, бюффе
bugaev, бугаев
buhua, buqa
bujanov, буянов
bujanow, буянов
bujar, буяр
bujor, бужор
bukharov, бухаров
bulatov, bułatow
bulatov, булатов
bulgakov, bulgakow
bulgakov, bułgakow
bulgakov, булгаков
bulgakova, bulgakowa
bulgakova, булгакова
bulgakow, булгаков
bulgakowa, булгакова
bulow, bylow
bulow, бюлов
buncho, bunchou
buncho, бунте
bunge, бунге
bunzo, bunzou
bunzo, бундзо
bunzou, бундзо
buqa, puhua
burak, μπουρακ
burak, бурак
burbon, βουρβονων
burbon, бурбон
burcard, burcardo
burcard, burchard
burcard, μπουρχαρτ
burcard, бурхард
burcardo, burchard
burcardo, μπουρχαρτ
burch, берч
burchard, burkhard
burchard, μπουρχαρτ
burchard, бурхард
burger, бургер
burger, бюргер
burgund, burgundy
burkhard, буркхард
burkhard, бурхард
burns, μπερνς
burns, бернс
burns, бърнс
burroughs, барроуз
burroughs, берроуз
burt, burton
burt, берт
burton, μπαρτον
burton, бертон
burton, բարթոն
burtsev, бурцев
busch, буш
busch, բուշ
bush, μπους
bush, буш
bush, բուշ
bushuyev, бушуев
busjujev, бушуев
buslov, буслов
butajew, бутаев
butakov, butakow
butakov, бутаков
butakow, бутаков
buteo, buteon
buteo, бутеон
buteon, бутеон
butler, μπατλερ
butler, батлер
butler, бътлър
butler, բաթլեր
buxhoeveden, буксгевден
buyanov, буянов
buzek, бузек
bułatow, булатов
bułgakow, булгаков
bychkov, byckov
bychkov, bytschkow
bychkov, bytsjkov
bychkov, бычков
bychkova, бычкова
bykonja, быконя
bykov, bykow
bykov, быков
bykova, bykowa
bykova, быкова
bykow, быков
bykowa, быкова
bylow, бюлов
byron, бајрон
bystrov, bystrow
bystrov, быстров
bystrow, быстров
bytschkow, bytsjkov
bytschkow, бычков
bytsjkov, бычков
byung, бен
børge, берге
bəy, бек
caballero, кабальеро
caballero, կաբալյերո
cadet, каде
caesar, casar
caesar, cesare
caesar, cæsar
caesar, цезарь
caesarea, cesarea
caesarea, cesaree
caesarea, cezareea
cafer, djafar
cafer, far
cafer, jafar
cafer, xhafer
cafer, джафар
cafer, ջաֆար
calderon, καλντερον
calderon, калдерон
caldo, caldus
caldo, кальд
caldus, кальд
caldwell, колдвелл
caldwell, колдуэлл
calenberg, luneburg
callaghan, каллахэн
calle, carl
calle, калле
calle, карл
calleja, кальеха
calvo, calvus
camatero, kamateros
camatero, καματηρος
camejo, камехо
campb, campbell
campbell, кемпбелл
campbell, кэмпбелл
campofregoso, кампофрегозо
camus, камю
cang, csang
cang, zhang
cantacuceno, cantacuzene
cantacuceno, cantacuzeno
cantacuceno, kantakouzenos
cantacuceno, kantakuzen
cantacuceno, kantakuzenos
cantacuceno, καντακουζηνος
cantacuze, cantacuzene
cantacuze, cantacuzeno
cantacuze, kantakouzenos
cantacuze, kantakuzen
cantacuze, καντακουζηνος
cantacuzene, cantacuzeno
cantacuzene, kantakouzenos
cantacuzene, kantakuzen
cantacuzene, kantakuzenos
cantacuzene, καντακουζηνη
cantacuzene, καντακουζηνος
cantacuzeno, kantakouzenos
cantacuzeno, kantakuzen
cantacuzeno, kantakuzenos
cantacuzeno, καντακουζηνος
canuto, knoet
canuto, knud
canuto, knut
canuto, кнуд
cao, cchao
cao, cho
cao, goryeo
cao, tao
cao, zhao
cao, цао
carbo, carbon
carbo, карбон
carbon, карбон
cardoso, кардозо
cardoso, кардозу
carel, carolus
cares, carete
cares, chares
carete, chares
carl, carles
carl, carlo
carl, carlos
carl, carol
carl, carolus
carl, charles
carl, kaarle
carl, karel
carl, karl
carl, karlas
carl, karol
carl, karoly
carl, καρλ
carl, καρολος
carl, карл
carl, чарльз
carl, կառլ
carl, կարլ
carl, კარლ
carlao, carlos
carles, carlo
carles, carlos
carles, carol
carles, charles
carles, kaarle
carles, karel
carles, karl
carles, karol
carles, karoly
carles, καρολος
carles, карл
carles, карло
carles, карлос
carles, шарл
carles, шарль
carles, կառլ
carles, կարլ
carles, շառլ
carles, კარლ
carles, კარლო
carles, შარლ
carletto, carlo
carletto, карло
carlo, carlos
carlo, carol
carlo, carolus
carlo, charles
carlo, kaarle
carlo, karel
carlo, karl
carlo, karol
carlo, karoly
carlo, καρλο
carlo, καρολος
carlo, карл
carlo, карло
carlo, карлос
carlo, шарл
carlo, шарль
carlo, կառլ
carlo, կարլ
carlo, շառլ
carlo, კარლ
carlo, კარლო
carlo, კარლოს
carlo, შარლ
carlomagno, charlemagne
carlos, carol
carlos, carolus
carlos, charles
carlos, kaarle
carlos, karel
carlos, karl
carlos, karol
carlos, karoly
carlos, καρλος
carlos, καρολος
carlos, карл
carlos, карло
carlos, карлос
carlos, чарльз
carlos, шарл
carlos, шарль
carlos, կառլ
carlos, կառլոս
carlos, կարլ
carlos, շառլ
carlos, კარლ
carlos, კარლო
carlos, შარლ
carlota, carlotta
carlota, charlotta
carlota, charlotte
carlota, sarlota
carlota, sarolta
carlota, καρλοτα
carlota, καρλοττα
carlota, шарлота
carlota, шарлотта
carlota, შარლოტა
carlotta, charlotta
carlotta, charlotte
carlotta, sarlota
carlotta, sarolta
carlotta, καρλοτα
carlotta, καρλοττα
carlotta, шарлота
carlotta, шарлотта
carlotta, შარლოტა
carls, charles
carme, carmen
carmem, carmen
carnot, καρνο
carnot, карно
caro, carus
carol, charles
carol, kaarle
carol, karel
carol, karl
carol, karol
carol, karoly
carol, καρολος
carol, карл
carol, карло
carol, карлос
carol, шарл
carol, шарль
carol, կառլ
carol, կարլ
carol, շառլ
carol, კარლ
carol, კარლო
carol, შარლ
carolus, charles
carolus, karel
carolus, karl
carolus, карл
carruthers, карратерс
carter, carterova
carthage, carthago
carthage, karthago
carus, кар
caruso, карузо
carvajal, карвахаль
casale, казале
casanova, казанова
cash, κας
cash, кэш
cashman, кэшман
caspar, gaspard
castle, касл
casto, castus
casto, каст
castus, каст
caswell, касвелл
catao, cato
catao, caton
catao, catone
catao, катон
cathal, катал
cato, caton
cato, catone
cato, катон
caton, catone
caton, катон
catone, катон
catul, catulo
catul, catulus
catul, катул
catulo, catulus
catulo, катул
catulus, катул
cavagna, каванья
cavanagh, кэвэна
cayo, gayo
cayo, гај
cayo, года
cayo, року
cchen, chen
cchen, чэнь
cchun, chun
ceausescu, τσαουσεσκου
ceausescu, чаушеску
ceausescu, չաուշեսկու
ceballos, cevallos
cech, чех
cechov, cehov
cechov, chekhov
cechov, tchekhov
cechov, tjekhov
cechov, tsjekhov
cechov, чехов
cechov, չեխով
cees, kees
cees, кес
cehov, chekhov
cehov, tchekhov
cehov, tsjekhov
cehov, чехов
cehov, չեխով
celal, джелал
celso, celsus
celsus, цельс
cem, джем
cemal, джамаль
cemal, джемаль
cen, chen
cen, zhen
cen, чжэнь
ceng, cheng
ceng, zheng
ceng, чжэн
cenk, дженк
centul, centule
centul, centulle
centul, centullus
centul, centulo
centul, сантюль
centule, centulle
centule, centullus
centule, centulo
centule, сантюль
centulle, centullus
centulle, centulo
centulle, сантюль
centullus, centulo
centullus, сантюль
centulo, сантюль
cerdagne, cerdana
cerdagne, cerdanya
cerdana, cerdanya
cerdena, sardenha
cerdena, sardenya
cerdena, szard
cernov, chernov
cernov, tsjernov
cernov, чернов
cervantes, сервантес
cesao, ceson
cesao, cesone
cesao, kaeso
cesao, кезо
cesao, кезон
cesao, цезон
cesar, cesare
cesar, csaszar
cesar, чезаре
cesare, τσεζαρε
cesare, цезарь
cesare, чезаре
cesare, չեզարե
cesare, ჩეზარე
cesarea, cesaree
cesarea, cezareea
cesaree, cezareea
cesnokov, chesnokov
cesnokov, tsjesnokov
cesnokov, чесноков
ceso, ceson
ceson, cesone
ceson, kaeso
ceson, кезо
ceson, кезон
ceson, цезон
cesone, kaeso
cesone, кезо
cesone, кезон
cesone, цезон
cetege, cetego
cetege, cethegus
cetege, цетег
cetego, cethegus
cetego, цетег
cethegus, цетег
cevad, javad
cevad, джавад
cevdet, джевдет
cezar, tsezar
cezar, цезар
cezar, цезарь
cha, zha
chabrol, шаброль
chacon, чакон
chad, чад
chad, чед
chad, чэд
chae, jae
chaeremon, khaeremon
chaeremon, queremo
chaeremon, херемон
chagas, шагас
chagnon, шаньон
chah, shah
chakarov, чакъров
chaled, khaled
chaled, халед
chales, charles
chalmers, чалмерс
chalon, σαλον
chalon, шалон
chambers, чамберс
chambers, чемберс
chambers, чэмберс
chamorro, чаморро
chamorro, ჩამორო
chamoun, шамун
champagne, champana
champagne, xampanya
champana, xampanya
chan, chen
chan, han
chan, kan
chan, khan
chan, zhen
chan, χαν
chan, кан
chan, хан
chan, чан
chan, чэнь
chan, խան
chance, чэнс
chand, чанд
chandler, чандлер
chandler, чендлер
chandler, чэндлер
chandra, чандра
chandran, чандран
chang, jang
chang, zhang
chang, чанг
chang, чжан
changsun, zhangsun
chano, чано
chantal, σανταλ
chantal, чантал
chantal, шанталь
chao, zhao
chao, чао
chao, чжао
chapelle, шапель
chapm, chapman
chapman, τσαπμαν
chapman, чапман
chapman, чапмен
chapman, чепмен
chapman, чэпман
chapman, чэпмен
chapman, չեփմեն
chappell, чаппель
charalambos, haralambos
charalambos, χαραλαμπος
charalambos, хараламбос
charbonneau, шарбонно
charczenko, kharchenko
charczenko, харченко
charlamov, kharlamov
charlamov, харламов
charlamow, харламов
charlemagne, шарлемань
charles, charley
charles, charly
charles, kaarle
charles, karel
charles, karl
charles, karol
charles, karoly
charles, καρλος
charles, καρολος
charles, σαρλ
charles, карл
charles, карло
charles, карлос
charles, чарлз
charles, чарлс
charles, чарльз
charles, шарл
charles, шарль
charles, կառլ
charles, կարլ
charles, շառլ
charles, շարլ
charles, չառլզ
charles, չարլզ
charles, კარლ
charles, კარლო
charles, შარლ
charles, ჩარლზ
charlotta, charlotte
charlotta, sarlota
charlotta, sarolta
charlotta, καρλοτα
charlotta, καρλοττα
charlotta, шарлота
charlotta, шарлотта
charlotta, შარლოტა
charlotte, sarlota
charlotte, sarolta
charlotte, καρλοτα
charlotte, καρλοττα
charlotte, σαρλοτ
charlotte, шарлот
charlotte, шарлота
charlotte, шарлотт
charlotte, шарлотта
charlotte, շառլոթ
charlotte, շառլոտա
charlotte, շարլոտ
charlotte, შარლოტ
charlotte, შარლოტა
charlton, чарлтон
charlton, чарлтън
charlton, чарльтон
charly, карл
chase, չեյզ
chassan, хасан
chateau, шато
chateaudun, шатоден
chattab, hattab
chattab, khattab
chatto, чатто
chatun, khatun
chau, chow
chau, zhou
chau, чау
chau, чжоу
chau, чоу
chauveau, шово
chava, hava
chavchavadze, чавчавадзе
chavchavadze, ჭავჭავაძე
chavdar, чавдар
chaves, чавес
chavez, чавез
chavez, чавес
chaworth, чауорт
chebanov, tsjebanov
chebanov, чебанов
chebotaryov, чеботарев
checa, чека
chekhov, tchekhov
chekhov, tjekhov
chekhov, tschechow
chekhov, tsjekhov
chekhov, чехов
chekhov, չեխով
chemodanov, чемоданов
chen, cheng
chen, hen
chen, tan
chen, чан
chen, чен
chen, чень
chen, чэнь
cheng, cong
cheng, zheng
cheng, ченг
cheng, чжэн
cheng, чэн
cherepanov, черепанов
cherepkov, черепков
cherkasov, черкасов
cherkasova, черкасова
chernenko, tschernenko
chernenko, tsjernenko
chernenko, черненко
chernev, чернев
chernov, czernow
chernov, tchernov
chernov, tschernow
chernov, tsjernov
chernov, чернов
chernova, tsjernova
chernova, чернова
chernyak, черняк
chernyj, черных
chernykh, черных
chernyshyov, tchernychev
chertkov, чертков
chervyakov, червяков
chesnokov, tschesnokow
chesnokov, tsjesnokov
chesnokov, чесноков
chester, честер
chester, честър
chet, чет
chetan, четан
cheung, zhang
cheung, чжан
cheung, чунг
chevtchenko, shevchenko
chevtchenko, szewczenko
chloe, хлоя
chnumhotep, hnumhotep
chnumhotep, khnumhotep
chobanyan, չոբանյան
chochlow, hochlov
chochlow, khokhlov
chochlow, хохлов
choden, чоден
chodorov, ходоров
chodzka, chodzko
chodzka, ходзько
chodzko, ходзько
choko, chouko
choko, теко
chol, чол
chol, чхоль
chola, чола
cholodenko, холоденко
chomakov, чомаков
chomutow, хомутов
chonan, тенан
chong, jeong
chong, jong
chong, sung
chong, чонг
chopel, chophel
chopra, чопра
choren, խորեն
chose, jose
chose, хосе
chose, խոսե
chose, ხოსე
chosokabe, chousokabe
chosokabe, тесокабэ
chosuke, тесукэ
chou, zhou
chou, чжоу
chouko, теко
chousokabe, тесокабэ
chouvalov, schuwalow
chouvalov, shuvalov
chouvalov, sjuvalov
chouvalov, suvalov
chouvalov, шувалов
chovan, хован
chow, zhou
chow, чжоу
chow, чоу
chrotruda, rotruda
chrotruda, rotrude
chrotruda, ротруда
chrysostome, chryzostom
chrysostome, χρυσοστομος
chryzostom, χρυσοστομος
chu, zhou
chu, zhu
chu, чжоу
chu, чжу
chubarov, чубаров
chuck, чак
chuck, чък
chuck, չակ
chujo, chuujou
chukanov, чуканов
chulkov, чулков
chumak, tschumak
chumak, чумак
chumakov, чумаков
chun, чун
chung, jeong
chung, jung
chung, zhong
chung, чжун
chung, чунг
church, черч
chuuya, chuya
chuuya, тюя
chuya, тюя
chwostow, khvostov
chwostow, хвостов
chyorny, tschorny
chypre, κυπρου
claude, κλοντ
claude, κλωντ
claude, клод
claude, կլոդ
claude, კლოდ
cleantes, cleanthes
cleantes, kleanthes
cleanthes, kleanthes
clearchus, clearco
clemens, clement
clemens, clemente
clemens, kelemen
clemens, klemen
clemens, klemens
clemens, klemensas
clemens, klement
clemens, κλημης
clemens, клеменс
clemens, клемент
clemens, კლემენტ
clement, clemente
clement, kelemen
clement, klemen
clement, klemens
clement, klemensas
clement, klement
clement, κλεμαν
clement, κλημης
clement, клеман
clement, клеменс
clement, клемент
clement, კლემენტ
clemente, kelemen
clemente, klemen
clemente, klemens
clemente, klemensas
clemente, klement
clemente, κλημης
clemente, клеменс
clemente, клемент
clemente, კლემენტ
cleombrote, cleombroto
cleombrote, cleombrotus
cleombrote, kleombrotos
cleombroto, cleombrotus
cleombroto, kleombrotos
cleombrotus, kleombrotos
cleomene, cleomenes
cleomene, kleomenes
cleomene, клеомен
cleomenes, kleomenes
cleomenes, клеомен
clerc, leclerc
clerc, клер
clerc, леклерк
clermont, κλερμον
clermont, клермон
cleve, клеве
cleves, kleef
cleves, kleve
cleves, klevska
cleves, κλεβης
cleves, клеве
cleves, клевская
close, клоуз
clyde, клајд
cnaeus, cneo
cnaeus, cneu
cnaeus, gnaeus
cnaeus, gnejusz
cnaeus, gneo
cnaeus, gneu
cnaeus, гнеј
cneo, cneu
cneo, gnaeus
cneo, gnejusz
cneo, gneo
cneo, gneu
cneo, гнеј
cneu, gnaeus
cneu, gnejusz
cneu, gneo
cneu, gneu
cneu, гнеј
cobourg, coburg
cobourg, coburgo
cobourg, coburgu
cobourg, kobursko
cobourg, κομπουρκ
cobourg, кобург
coburg, coburgo
coburg, coburgu
coburg, kobursko
coburg, κομπουρκ
coburg, кобург
coburgo, coburgu
coburgo, kobursko
coburgo, κομπουρκ
coburgo, кобург
coburgu, κομπουρκ
coburgu, кобург
cochran, кохрэн
cock, decock
cohen, kohen
cohen, κοεν
cohen, коген
cohen, коен
cohen, коэн
cohen, քոհեն
colbert, кольбер
coles, коулз
colet, коле
collard, коллар
collet, колле
collot, колло
cologne, keulen
cologne, koln
comagena, commagena
comagena, commagene
comagene, commagene
come, cosme
comenge, комменж
commagena, commagene
commagene, κομμαγηνης
commodus, comodo
commodus, коммод
commodus, комод
comne, comnena
comne, comnene
comne, comneno
comne, komnen
comne, komnena
comne, komnene
comne, komnenos
comne, κομνηνη
comne, κομνηνος
comne, կոմնենոս
comnena, komnena
comnena, komnene
comnena, κομνηνη
comnene, comneno
comnene, comnenus
comnene, komnen
comnene, komnena
comnene, komnene
comnene, komnenos
comnene, κομνηνη
comnene, κομνηνος
comneno, comnenus
comneno, komnen
comneno, komnenos
comneno, κομνηνος
comneno, կոմնենոս
comnenus, komnen
comnenus, komnenos
comnenus, κομνηνος
comodo, коммод
comodo, комод
comte, conde
comte, conte
comte, count
comte, lecomte
comtessa, condesa
comtesse, condessa
comtesse, countess
conacher, конахер
concha, конча
conchobar, конхобар
conde, conte
conde, count
conde, конде
cong, jung
cong, zheng
connell, oconnell
connor, oconnor
connor, коннор
cono, conon
cono, conone
cono, konon
conon, conone
conon, konon
conone, konon
conrad, conrado
conrad, conradus
conrad, corrado
conrad, koenraad
conrad, konrad
conrad, konradas
conrad, κονραντ
conrad, κορραδος
conrad, конрад
conrad, կոնրադ
conrad, კონრად
conrado, corrado
conrado, koenraad
conrado, konrad
conrado, konradas
conrado, κορραδος
conrado, конрад
conrado, կոնրադ
conrado, კონრად
conradus, konrad
constanca, constance
constanca, constanza
constanca, costanza
constanca, konstancja
constanca, konstanze
constanca, констанца
constance, constanta
constance, constanza
constance, costanza
constance, costanzo
constance, konstancja
constance, konstanz
constance, konstanze
constance, констанца
constant, констан
constanz, konstanz
constanza, costanza
constanza, konstance
constanza, konstancja
constanza, konstanze
constanza, констанца
constanzo, costanzo
conte, count
contesa, countess
coo, kos
cordoba, cordoue
cordoba, cordova
cordoba, кордова
cordoue, cordova
cordoue, kordoby
cordova, kordoby
cordus, корд
cornejo, корнехо
cornualles, cornwall
cornut, cornuto
cornut, cornutus
cornut, корнут
cornuto, cornutus
cornuto, корнут
cornutus, корнут
corrado, koenraad
corrado, konrad
corrado, konradas
corrado, κορραδος
corrado, конрад
corrado, կոնրադ
corrado, კონრად
cortese, кортезе
cortez, кортез
cortez, кортес
cortezova, кортес
cos, coso
cos, cosso
cos, cossus
cos, кос
cos, косс
cosma, cosmas
cosma, kosmas
cosmas, kosmas
coso, cosso
coso, cossus
coso, кос
coso, косс
cosroes, khosrau
cosroes, khosro
cosso, cossus
cosso, кос
cosso, косс
cossus, кос
cossus, косс
costa, dacosta
costa, κωστας
costa, коста
costa, кошта
costa, коща
costache, костаке
costanza, konstancja
costanza, konstanz
costanza, konstanze
costanza, констанца
costanzo, костанцо
coulot, куло
count, ντε
count, готье
countess, ponts
court, кур
cras, craso
cras, crasso
cras, crassus
cras, krassus
cras, крас
cras, красс
craso, crasso
craso, crassus
craso, krassus
craso, крас
craso, красс
crasso, crassus
crasso, krassus
crasso, крас
crasso, красс
crassus, krassus
crassus, крас
crassus, красс
cratero, krateros
crates, cratete
crates, krates
crates, κρατης
cratete, krates
cratete, κρατης
crawford, κροφορντ
crawford, кроуфорд
crescens, кресцент
creu, cruz
cromwell, κρομγουελ
cromwell, кромвель
cromwell, կրոմվել
cross, cruz
cross, krzyza
crouch, крауч
crow, кроу
cruchaga, кручага
crumb, крамб
cruz, krzyza
cruz, круз
cruz, крус
cruz, քրուզ
csaba, чаба
csak, чак
csang, zhang
csaszar, kejsare
csaszar, цар
csho, чхве
csonka, чонка
cua, duke
cua, lajos
cua, lea
cua, του
cua, луј
cua, цар
cuadrato, quadrato
cuadrato, quadratus
cuadrato, квадрат
cuma, cumes
cumberland, камберленд
cusack, кьюсак
cuthbert, kutbert
cuthbert, катберт
cuthbert, кутберт
cuza, куза
cwetana, zwetana
cwetana, цветана
cygnaeus, cygnæus
cypern, cyprus
cypru, κυπρου
cyrene, kyrene
cyrus, κυρος
czech, чех
czema, цема
czernow, tschernow
czernow, tsjernov
czernow, чернов
czernyszew, чернышев
czernyszow, чернышев
czeslaw, czesław
czeslaw, чеслав
czesnokow, чесноков
czesław, чеслав
dacenko, datsenko
dacenko, даценко
dajan, dayan
dal, dallas
dalassene, dalasseno
dalassene, dalassenos
dalassene, δαλασσηνος
dalassene, далассен
dalasseno, dalassenos
dalasseno, δαλασσηνος
dalasseno, далассен
dalassenos, δαλασσηνος
dalassenos, далассен
dallas, νταλας
dallas, далас
dallas, даллас
dalle, νταλε
dalton, νταλτον
dalton, далтон
damascus, damaskus
damascus, damaszku
damasku, damaszku
damaskus, damaszku
damjan, дамьян
damjanov, дамянов
dan, john
dan, lea
dan, đan
dan, νταν
dan, дан
dan, ден
dan, дэн
dan, դեն
danchenko, данченко
dandolo, νταντολο
dandolo, дандоло
danemark, danmark
danemark, ddenmarc
danemark, denemarken
danemark, denmark
dang, đang
danmark, ddenmarc
danmark, denemarken
danmark, denmark
danska, dunska
danska, данске
danska, данська
danska, датска
danska, датская
dante, νταντε
dante, данте
dante, դանթե
dante, დანტე
dantsjenko, данченко
dar, darja
dar, дарья
darja, darya
darja, дар
darja, дарья
darja, դարյա
darmon, νταρμον
darmon, дармон
darren, νταρεν
darren, даррен
darter, darts
darya, дар
darya, дарья
daryna, дарья
dashkov, дашков
daskalow, даскалов
datsenko, даценко
daud, дауд
daudet, доде
daudet, դոդե
daudet, დოდე
dave, дејв
dave, դեյվ
davydenko, dawydenko
davydov, dawydow
davydov, давыдов
dawydow, давыдов
day, деј
ddenmarc, denemarken
ddenmarc, denmark
deb, deborah
deb, debra
dechamps, deschamps
dechev, дечев
dedo, του
deforest, forest
degen, деген
degtarjov, degtyaryov
degtarjov, дегтярев
degtjarev, дегтярев
degtyarev, дегтярев
degtyaryov, дегтярев
dejan, деян
dejan, дејан
dejan, դեյան
dejanov, деянов
delage, делаж
delcev, делчев
delchev, делчев
dell, ντελ
della, duke
della, ντελλα
della, дела
della, делла
delorme, lorme
dels, jos
dels, lan
dels, nassau
dem, den
demchenko, demtschenko
demchenko, демченко
demczenko, демченко
dementjew, dementyev
dementjew, дементьев
dementjew, дементьєв
dementyev, дементьев
demjan, дем
demjan, демьян
demjanenko, демьяненко
demosthenes, δημοσθενης
demtschenko, демченко
den, duke
den, duque
den, jeune
den, jove
den, joven
den, suede
den, sved
den, tanar
den, zweden
den, του
den, фон
denemarken, denmark
deng, teng
deng, đang
deng, ден
deng, дэн
denhofas, denhoff
denhofas, donhoff
denhofas, денгоф
denhofas, денгофф
denhoff, donhoff
denhoff, денгоф
denhoff, денгофф
denzo, denzou
denzo, дэндзо
denzou, дэндзо
deptula, deptuła
derda, derdas
derda, derdes
derda, дерда
derdas, derdes
derdas, дерда
derdes, дерда
derek, ντερεκ
derek, дерек
derkach, derkacz
derkach, деркач
derkacz, деркач
derosa, rosa
desavska, дессауская
deschanel, дешанель
desmet, smet
desmet, смет
desmond, ντεσμοντ
dessau, десау
dessau, дессау
det, het
deux, dues
devjatova, девятова
devlet, девлет
devlet, դեւլեթ
devlet, დევლეთ
dewhurst, дьюхерст
dewolf, wolf
dexter, ντεξτερ
dexter, декстер
dezso, деже
dezso, дежьо
dhawan, дхаван
djafar, dschafar
djafar, dzafar
djafar, far
djafar, jafar
djafar, джафар
djafar, ջաֆար
djakonov, дьяконов
djakonow, dyakonov
djakonow, дьяконов
djakov, djakow
djakov, dyakov
djakov, дьяков
djakov, дяков
djakow, dyakov
djakow, дьяков
djalma, джалма
djamel, джамель
djuc, duc
djuc, đuc
djurhuus, дьюрхуус
dlugosz, długosz
doan, yun
doan, đoan
dobrev, dobrew
dobrev, добрев
dobreva, dobrewa
dobreva, добрева
dobrew, добрев
dobrewa, добрева
dobronrawow, добронравов
dochev, дочев
dogonadze, დოღონაძე
dolega, dołega
dolgorukov, долгоруков
dolgorukow, долгоруков
dom, don
domagoj, домагој
domenech, доменеч
don, john
don, ντον
don, дон
don, դոն
don, დონ
donat, donatus
donat, донат
donato, donatus
donato, δονατος
donato, донат
donato, донато
donatus, донат
donchev, дончев
doncho, дончо
dong, ndong
dong, đong
dong, дон
dong, дун
donhoff, денгоф
donhoff, денгофф
donna, ντονα
donna, донна
donnchadh, duncan
donnell, odonnell
donnell, доннелл
donoghue, донохью
donskoj, donskoy
donskow, донсков
dontsjenko, донченко
dora, dorothea
dora, ντορα
dora, дора
dorofejev, dorofeyev
dorofejev, дорофеев
dorofejew, dorofeyev
dorofejew, дорофеев
dorofeyev, дорофеев
dorokhov, дорохов
doroshenko, doroszenko
doroshenko, дорошенко
doroszenko, дорошенко
dorota, dorotea
dorota, dorothea
dorota, dorothee
dorota, dorottya
dorota, δωροθεα
dorota, доротея
dorota, доротеја
dorota, დოროთეა
dorotea, dorothea
dorotea, dorothee
dorotea, dorottya
dorotea, δωροθεα
dorotea, доротея
dorotea, доротеја
dorotea, დოროთეა
dorothea, dorothee
dorothea, dorothy
dorothea, dorottya
dorothea, δωροθεα
dorothea, доротея
dorothea, доротеја
dorothea, դորոթեա
dorothea, დოროთეა
dorothee, dorottya
dorothee, δωροθεα
dorothee, доротея
dorothee, доротеја
dorothee, დოროთეა
dorotheos, δωροθεος
dorottya, δωροθεα
dorottya, доротея
dorottya, доротеја
dorthe, дорте
dotsenko, доценко
doua, duas
doua, due
doua, dues
doua, two
doua, δυο
doucet, дусе
doukas, ducas
doukas, dukas
doukas, δουκας
doukas, дука
dov, dow
dov, дов
dovzhenko, довженко
dow, дау
dow, дов
dow, доу
doye, ndoye
dragneva, dragnewa
dreher, дреер
drescher, дрешер
drest, drust
drest, ντρεστ
drest, друст
drew, ντρου
drew, дрю
drew, դրյու
drogo, drogon
drosdow, drozdov
drosdow, дроздов
drouet, друэ
droysen, ντρουζεν
drozdov, drozdow
drozdov, дроздов
drozdow, дроздов
drummond, ντραμοντ
drus, druso
drus, drusus
drus, друз
druso, drusus
druso, друз
drust, ντρεστ
drust, друст
drusus, друз
dschafar, dzafar
dschafar, far
dschafar, jafar
dschafar, джафар
duarte, eduardo
duas, due
duas, dues
duas, las
duas, two
duas, δυο
duc, duca
duc, duce
duc, duke
duc, duque
duc, leduc
duc, tan
duc, đuc
duc, του
duca, duce
duca, dug
duca, duke
duca, duque
duca, δουκας
duca, του
duca, դուքս
ducas, dukas
ducas, δουκας
ducas, дука
duce, duke
duce, duque
duce, tuoc
duce, δουκας
duce, του
duce, դուքս
ducesa, duchess
ducesa, duchessa
ducesa, duchesse
ducesa, duquesa
ducesa, duquessa
duchesne, дюшен
duchess, duchessa
duchess, duchesse
duchess, duges
duchess, duquesa
duchess, duquessa
duchess, tuoc
duchessa, duquesa
duchesse, duges
duchesse, duquesa
duclos, дюкло
due, dues
due, las
due, two
due, δυο
duerrenmatt, durrenmatt
duerrenmatt, ντυρενματ
dues, las
dues, two
dues, δυο
duff, νταφ
duff, дафф
duff, дъф
dufresne, дюфрен
dug, duke
dug, duque
duhamel, дюамель
duje, дуе
duje, дује
dukas, δουκας
dukas, дука
duke, duque
duke, lea
duke, och
duke, tan
duke, tuoc
duke, wacław
duke, δουκας
duke, του
duke, դուքս
dumas, дюма
dumont, mont
dumont, дюмон
dunajev, dunayev
dunajev, дунаев
dunajew, dunayev
dunajew, дунаев
dunayev, дунаев
duncan, ντανκαν
duncan, данкан
duncan, дункан
duncan, դունկան
dunchad, дунхад
dunska, датская
duong, jang
duong, ouyang
duong, yang
dupont, pont
dupont, дюпон
duque, och
duque, δουκας
duque, του
duque, դուքս
duquesa, duquessa
durand, дюран
durazzo, дураццо
durlach, ντουρλαχ
durlach, баден
durlach, дурлах
durlach, дурлахская
durov, durow
durov, дуров
durov, դուրով
durow, дуров
durow, դուրով
durrenmatt, ντυρενματ
dusan, dushan
dusan, ντουσαν
dusan, душан
dushan, душан
dushkov, душков
dusko, душко
dvorak, дворжак
dyachenko, дьяченко
dyachenko, дяченко
dyachkov, дьячков
dyakonov, дьяконов
dyakov, дьяков
dyakov, дяков
dyulgerov, дюлгеров
dzafar, jafar
dzafar, джафар
dzekas, джек
dzevad, џевад
dzhambazov, dzjambazov
dzhambazov, джамбазов
dzhemal, dzjemal
dzhemal, джемаль
dzjafar, джафар
dzjafarov, джафаров
dzjambazov, джамбазов
dzjemal, джемал
dzonas, john
dzonas, τζον
dzonas, джон
dzonas, џон
dzonas, ջոն
dzonas, ჯონ
dzordzas, джордж
dzsunko, дзюнко
earl, jarl
eberardo, eberhard
eberardo, everhard
eberardo, еберхард
eberardo, эберхард
eberhard, everhard
eberhard, evrard
eberhard, ебергард
eberhard, еберхард
eberhard, эбергард
eberhard, эберхард
ebu, абу
ebu, абуль
ecateo, hecataeus
ecateo, hecatee
ecgberht, εγβερτος
ecgberht, эгберт
edgar, edgard
edgar, едгар
edgar, эдгар
edgard, эдгар
edgars, эдгар
edmond, edmund
edmond, εδμονδος
edmond, εντμον
edmond, едмон
edmond, едмунд
edmond, эдмон
edmond, эдмунд
edmond, էդմոն
edmond, էդմունդ
edmund, edmundas
edmund, edmundo
edmund, εδμονδος
edmund, εντμουντ
edmund, едмунд
edmund, едмънд
edmund, эдмунд
edmund, էդմունդ
edmund, ედმუნდ
edmundas, едмунд
edmundas, эдмунд
edmundo, едмунд
edmundo, эдмунд
edoardo, edouard
edoardo, eduard
edoardo, eduardas
edoardo, eduardo
edoardo, edvard
edoardo, edward
edoardo, εδουαρδος
edoardo, едвард
edoardo, едуард
edoardo, эдуард
edoardo, էդուարդ
edoardo, ედუარდ
edouard, eduard
edouard, eduardas
edouard, eduardo
edouard, edvard
edouard, edward
edouard, εδουαρδος
edouard, εντουαρ
edouard, едвард
edouard, едуар
edouard, едуард
edouard, эдвард
edouard, эдуар
edouard, эдуард
edouard, էդուար
edouard, էդուարդ
edouard, ედუარდ
eduard, eduardas
eduard, eduardo
eduard, edvard
eduard, edward
eduard, εδουαρδος
eduard, едвард
eduard, едуард
eduard, эдвард
eduard, эдуард
eduard, էդուարդ
eduard, էդվարդ
eduard, ედუარდ
eduardas, eduardo
eduardas, edvard
eduardas, edward
eduardas, едвард
eduardas, едуард
eduardas, эдуард
eduardas, էդուարդ
eduardas, ედუარდ
eduardo, edvard
eduardo, edward
eduardo, εδουαρδος
eduardo, едвард
eduardo, едуард
eduardo, эдуард
eduardo, էդուարդ
eduardo, ედუარდ
eduardovna, eduardowna
eduardowna, эдуардовна
eduards, эдуард
edvard, edvardas
edvard, edward
edvard, εδουαρδος
edvard, едвард
edvard, едуард
edvard, эдвард
edvard, эдуард
edvard, էդուարդ
edvard, էդվարդ
edvard, ედუარდ
edvardas, edward
edvardas, едвард
edvardas, едуард
edvardas, эдвард
edvardas, эдуард
edvardas, էդուարդ
edward, εδουαρδος
edward, едвард
edward, едуард
edward, эдвард
edward, эдуард
edward, էդուարդ
edward, էդվարդ
edward, ედვარდ
edward, ედუარდ
edwards, едвардс
edwards, эдвардс
edwards, էդվարդս
edzard, эдцард
efes, efeso
efes, efezu
efes, ephesos
efes, ephesus
efeso, efezu
efeso, ephese
efeso, ephesos
efeso, ephesus
efrem, ефрем
efremov, jefremov
efremov, ефремов
efremova, jefremowa
efremova, ефремова
efremova, єфремова
egawa, эгава
egede, эгеде
egerton, эгертон
eggenberg, егенберг
egor, jegor
egor, yegor
egor, егор
egor, єгор
egorov, jegorov
egorov, jegorow
egorov, егоров
egorova, jegorova
egorova, jegorowa
egorova, yegorova
egorova, егорова
egypt, egypte
egypt, egypten
egypte, egypten
ekholm, екгольм
ekholm, экхольм
elder, eldre
elder, oudere
elder, ældre
eldre, ældre
eleanor, eleonora
eleanor, eleonore
eleanor, leonor
eleanor, ελεονορα
eleanor, ελεονωρα
eleanor, елеонора
eleanor, элеонора
eleanor, ელეანორ
elena, helen
elena, helena
elena, helene
elena, jelena
elena, lena
elena, olena
elena, ołena
elena, yelena
elena, γελενα
elena, ελενα
elena, ελενη
elena, елена
elena, олена
elena, хелена
elena, єлена
elena, јелена
elena, ելենա
elena, ელენა
eleonor, leonor
eleonora, eleonore
eleonora, leonor
eleonora, leonora
eleonora, lleonor
eleonora, ελεονορα
eleonora, ελεονωρα
eleonora, елеонора
eleonora, леонора
eleonora, элеонора
eleonora, ელეანორ
eleonore, leonor
eleonore, leonora
eleonore, leonore
eleonore, lleonor
eleonore, ελεονορα
eleonore, ελεονωρα
eleonore, ελεωνορα
eleonore, елеонора
eleonore, леонора
eleonore, элеонора
eleonore, ელეანორ
eleonore, ელეონორა
elgudscha, элгуджа
elguja, ელგუჯა
elkhan, elxan
elkhan, эльхан
ella, ælle
ella, елла
ella, элла
ellsworth, эллсворт
elshan, elsən
elshan, эльшан
elsən, эльшан
elva, helva
elwood, элвуд
emanuel, emanuele
emanuel, emmanuel
emanuel, manuel
emanuel, εμμανουηλ
emanuel, эммануэль
emanuele, emmanuel
emanuele, manel
emanuele, manuel
emanuele, εμανουελε
emanuele, εμμανουηλ
emeljanov, jemeljanov
emeljanov, емельянов
emmanuel, manel
emmanuel, manuel
emmanuel, εμμανουηλ
emmanuel, эммануэль
emperador, empereur
emperador, emperor
empereur, emperor
engel, ενγκελ
engel, енгел
engel, енґель
engel, энгель
engeland, england
engelbert, engelberto
engelbert, енгелберт
engelbert, енгельберт
engelbert, энгельберт
engelberto, енгелберт
engelberto, энгельберт
engelbrecht, энгельбрехт
engelhard, engelhardt
engelhardt, энгельгардт
engelmann, енгелман
engelmann, энгельман
engelmann, энгельманн
engels, энгельс
enguerrand, ангерран
enobarbo, агенобарб
enobarbo, ахенобарб
enoch, енох
ensho, энсе
entenca, entenza
enver, энвер
enzo, εντζο
enzo, енцо
enzo, энцо
eochu, еоху
ephesos, ephesus
eraclea, heraclea
erasme, erasmus
erasmus, эразм
erbach, ербах
erbach, эрбах
erberto, herbert
erberto, герберт
ercole, hercule
ercole, hercules
erdmann, ermanno
erdmann, ερντμαν
erdmann, ердман
erdmann, эрдман
erdmuthe, эрдмута
erdogan, ερντογαν
eremenko, jerjomenko
eremenko, еременко
eremenko, єременко
ergashev, эргашев
erjomenko, еременко
ermakov, jermakov
ermakov, ермаков
ermakova, jermakova
ermakova, yermakova
ermakova, ермакова
ermanno, herman
ermanno, hermann
ermanno, ερντμαν
ermanno, χερμαν
ermanno, герман
ermanno, ердман
ermanno, херман
ermanno, эрдман
ermogene, hermogene
ermogene, hermogenes
ermogene, ερμογενης
ermogene, гермоген
ermolaev, yermolayev
ermolaev, ермолаев
ernest, ernestas
ernest, ernesto
ernest, ernst
ernest, ερνεστ
ernest, ερνεστος
ernest, ернест
ernest, ернст
ernest, ърнест
ernest, эрнест
ernest, эрнст
ernest, էռնեստ
ernest, ერნესტ
ernesto, ernst
ernesto, ερνεστος
ernesto, ернст
ernesto, эрнст
ernests, эрнест
ernst, ernstas
ernst, ερνεστος
ernst, ернст
ernst, эрнст
ernst, էռնստ
ernstas, ернст
ernstas, эрнст
erode, herodes
erode, ηρωδης
erodoto, herodot
erodoto, herodotos
erodoto, herodotus
erofeev, ерофеев
ershov, jerschow
ershov, jerszow
ershov, ершов
ershov, єршов
ershov, երշով
ersjov, yershov
ersjov, ершов
erwan, эрван
erzsebet, ержебет
erzsebet, эржебет
escapula, scapula
escapula, скапула
escevola, scaevola
escevola, scevola
escevola, сцевола
escher, эшер
espagne, espana
espagne, espanha
espagne, espanya
espagne, lea
espagne, sbaen
espagne, spagna
espagne, spanje
espagne, spanyol
espana, espanha
espana, espanya
espana, lea
espana, sbaen
espana, spagna
espana, spanje
espana, spanyol
espanha, espanya
espanha, lea
espanha, sbaen
espanha, spagna
espanha, spanje
espanha, spanyol
espanya, sbaen
espanya, spagna
espanya, spanje
espanya, spanyol
esparta, sparta
esparta, sparte
espartoc, spartoco
espartoc, spartokos
espartoc, спарток
espartoco, spartoco
espartoco, spartokos
espartoco, спарток
esref, ашраф
esteban, stefan
esteban, stefano
esteban, stefanus
esteban, stepan
esteban, stephan
esteban, stephanus
esteban, stephen
esteban, εστεμπαν
esteban, στεφανος
esteban, стефан
esteban, эстебан
esteban, სტეფანე
ester, esther
ester, эстер
esther, eszter
esther, естер
esther, эстер
esther, էսթեր
estrabao, estrabon
estrabao, strabo
estrabao, strabone
estrabao, страбон
estrabo, estrabon
estrabo, strabo
estrabo, strabone
estrabo, страбон
estrabon, strabo
estrabon, strabone
estrabon, страбон
estrees, эстре
estructe, estructo
estructe, estruto
estructe, structus
estructe, strutto
estructe, структ
estructo, estruto
estructo, structus
estructo, strutto
estructo, структ
estruto, structus
estruto, strutto
estruto, структ
estuardo, stuart
estuardo, стюарт
ethan, етан
ethan, этан
ethel, етел
ethel, етель
ethel, этель
ethel, էթել
ethem, эдхем
eubule, eubulo
eubule, eubulus
eubulo, eubulos
eubulo, eubulus
eubulos, eubulus
eucrate, eucrates
eudes, eudo
eudes, oddone
eudes, odo
eudes, odon
eudes, одо
eudo, oddone
eudo, odo
eudo, odon
eudo, одо
euergetes, evergetes
euergetes, евергет
eug, eugene
eugeen, eugene
eugen, eugene
eugen, jeno
eugen, ежен
eugen, еуген
eugen, эжен
eugen, эуген
eugen, євген
eugen, էժեն
eugen, օյգեն
eugene, evgeny
eugene, evzen
eugene, gene
eugene, jeno
eugene, yevgeny
eugene, εζεν
eugene, ежен
eugene, еуген
eugene, эжен
eugene, євген
eugene, էժեն
eumene, eumenes
eustace, eustach
eustace, eustache
eustace, eustachy
eustach, eustache
eustach, eustachy
eustache, eustachy
eustache, эсташ
eva, ewa
eva, εβα
eva, ευα
eva, ева
evagoras, ευαγορας
evan, evans
evan, εβαν
evangelos, ευαγγελος
evangelos, евангелос
evans, εβανς
evans, еванс
evans, евънс
evans, эванс
evelyn, everlyn
ever, эвер
everard, evert
evergetes, евергет
everhard, еберхард
everhard, эберхард
evert, ewert
evgen, євген
evgenevna, jevgenjevna
evgenevna, yevgenyevna
evgenevna, евгеньевна
evgeny, yevgeny
evgeny, євген
evguen, євген
evhen, євген
evna, юрьевна
evrard, еберхард
evrard, эврар
evseev, jevsejev
evseev, yevseyev
evseev, евсеев
ewa, ева
ewa, эва
ewa, єва
ewa, ევა
ewald, евальд
ewald, эвальд
ewart, эварт
faberge, фаберже
fadeev, fadejev
fadeev, фадеев
fadejev, fadeyev
fadejev, фадеев
fadeyev, фадеев
fadl, фазл
fagerholm, фагерхольм
fahad, fahd
fahr, fakhr
fajardo, фахардо
fajsal, faycal
fajsal, faysal
falcka, pfalz
falcko, pfalz
falcko, пфалц
falcko, пфальц
falco, falcon
fan, pham
fan, фань
fang, phuong
fang, фан
far, jafar
far, джафар
far, ջաֆար
farge, фарж
farkhad, фархад
farrow, ферроу
farrow, фэрроу
farrukh, фаррух
fath, фатх
father, padre
fatma, φατμα
faulkner, фокнер
faust, fausto
faust, faustus
faust, фауст
fausto, faustus
fausto, фауст
faustus, фауст
fawr, mare
faycal, faysal
fazekas, фазекаш
febvre, lefebvre
fechner, фехнер
federer, φεντερερ
federer, федерер
fedor, feodor
fedor, fjodor
fedor, fyodor
fedor, teodor
fedor, theodor
fedor, федор
fedor, фьодор
fedor, фјодор
fedor, ֆեոդոր
fedor, თედორე
fedorchuk, федорчук
fedorov, fedorow
fedorov, fjodorov
fedorov, fjodorow
fedorov, fyodorov
fedorov, федоров
fedorov, фьодоров
fedorova, fjodorova
fedorova, fjodorowa
fedorova, fyodorova
fedorova, федорова
fedorovna, fjodorovna
fedorovna, федоровна
fedorow, федоров
fedoseev, fedosejev
fedoseev, fedoseyev
fedoseev, федосеев
fedosejev, fedoseyev
fedosejev, федосеев
fedoseyev, федосеев
fedossejew, федосеев
fedotov, fedotow
fedotov, федотов
fedotow, федотов
fedro, phaedrus
fedro, phedre
feng, фен
feng, фэн
feodor, fjodor
feodor, fyodor
feodor, teodor
feodor, theodor
feodor, федор
feodor, фьодор
feodor, фјодор
feodor, ֆեոդոր
feodor, თედორე
feodora, φεοντορα
feodora, феодора
feodorovna, fjodorovna
feofan, teofan
feofan, феофан
ferch, верх
ferdynand, fernando
ferdynand, fernandu
ferdynand, ferran
ferdynand, ფერნანდუ
ferenc, ferencz
ferenc, franc
ferenc, franjo
ferenc, frans
ferenc, franz
ferenc, ференц
ferenc, франц
ferenc, фрањо
ferenc, ֆերենց
ferenc, ֆրանց
ferencz, franz
ferencz, ференц
ferguson, фергюсон
ferguson, ֆերգյուսոն
fernan, fernao
fernand, фернан
fernand, ֆեռնան
fernandez, fernandezova
fernandez, ferrandez
fernandez, φερναντεθ
fernandez, фернандез
fernandez, фернандес
fernando, fernandu
fernando, ferran
fernando, ferrante
fernando, hernando
fernando, φερναντο
fernando, фернандо
fernando, фернанду
fernando, ֆեռնանդո
fernando, ფერნანდო
fernando, ფერნანდუ
fernao, фернан
fesch, феш
festo, festus
festo, фест
festus, фест
fevre, lefevre
fevre, лефевр
fezensac, фезансак
fjodor, fyodor
fjodor, teodor
fjodor, федор
fjodor, фьодор
fjodor, фјодор
fjodor, ֆեոդոր
fjodor, თედორე
fjodorov, fjodorow
fjodorov, fyodorov
fjodorov, федоров
fjodorov, фьодоров
fjodorova, fjodorowa
fjodorova, fyodorova
fjodorova, федорова
fjodorovna, fjodorowna
fjodorovna, fyodorovna
fjodorovna, федоровна
fjodorovna, фьодоровна
fjodorow, fyodorov
fjodorow, федоров
fjodorowa, федорова
fjodorowna, fyodorovna
fjodorowna, федоровна
flac, flacco
flac, flaccus
flac, flaco
flac, флак
flac, флакк
flacco, flaccus
flacco, flaco
flacco, флак
flacco, флакк
flaccus, flaco
flaccus, флак
flaccus, флакк
flaco, флак
flaco, флакк
flandern, flanders
flandern, flanderska
flandern, flandersky
flandern, flandes
flandern, flandra
flandern, flandre
flandern, flandres
flandern, flandryjska
flandern, vlaanderen
flandern, φλανδρας
flandern, фландрская
flandern, фландрська
flanders, flanderska
flanders, flandersky
flanders, flandes
flanders, flandra
flanders, flandre
flanders, flandres
flanders, flandryjska
flanders, vlaanderen
flanders, φλανδρας
flanders, фландрская
flanders, фландрська
flanderska, flandes
flanderska, flandre
flanderska, flandryjska
flanderska, vlaanderen
flanderska, φλανδρας
flanderska, фландрская
flanderska, фландрська
flandersky, flandes
flandersky, flandra
flandersky, flandre
flandersky, flandres
flandersky, φλανδρας
flandes, flandra
flandes, flandre
flandes, flandres
flandes, flandryjska
flandes, vlaanderen
flandes, φλανδρας
flandes, фландрская
flandes, фландрська
flandra, flandre
flandra, flandres
flandra, flandryjska
flandra, vlaanderen
flandra, φλανδρας
flandre, flandres
flandre, vlaanderen
flandre, φλανδρας
flandres, flandryjska
flandres, vlaanderen
flandres, φλανδρας
flandryjska, φλανδρας
flegel, флегель
flesch, флеш
flor, floro
flor, florus
florence, ֆլորենս
florence, ფლორენს
florent, флоран
floro, florus
floro, флор
florus, флор
floyd, флојд
foca, focas
foca, fokas
foca, phocas
foca, phokas
foca, φωκας
foca, фока
foca, ფოკა
focas, fokas
focas, phocas
focas, phokas
focas, φωκας
focas, фока
focas, ფოკა
fode, φοντε
fogelson, фогельсон
fokas, phocas
fokas, phokas
fokas, φωκας
fokas, фока
fokas, ფოკა
folc, folch
folc, folco
folc, foulques
folc, fulco
folc, fulk
folc, fulko
folc, φουλκων
folc, фулк
folc, фульк
folco, foulques
folco, fulco
folco, fulk
folco, fulko
folco, φουλκων
folco, фулк
folco, фульк
folkersahm, фелькерзам
footballer, futbolcu
ford, φορντ
ford, форд
ford, ֆորդ
forez, форе
forgacs, форгач
forst, forster
forster, foster
fort, lefort
fortunat, fortunatus
fortunat, фортунат
fortunato, fortunatus
fortunatus, фортунат
fortune, форчун
foster, fosterova
foulques, fulco
foulques, fulk
foulques, fulko
foulques, φουλκ
foulques, φουλκων
foulques, фулк
foulques, фульк
fouquet, фуке
fra, fran
fra, fray
fran, franc
fran, franz
franc, france
franc, frans
franc, franz
franc, франц
franc, ֆրանց
franca, france
franca, francouzska
franca, franta
franca, французская
franca, французька
franca, француска
franca, френска
francas, franz
france, francouzska
france, franta
france, французская
france, французька
france, френска
frances, francesc
frances, francesca
francesc, francesco
francesc, φραντσεσκο
francesc, франческо
francesca, φραντσεσκα
francesca, франсуаза
francesca, франческа
francesca, ֆրանչեսկա
francesco, franceskas
francesco, φραντσεσκο
francesco, франческо
francesco, ֆրանչեսկո
franceskas, φραντσεσκο
franceskas, франческо
franck, francken
francken, φρανκεν
franco, φρανκο
franco, франко
franco, ֆրանկո
franco, ფრანკო
francouzska, francuska
francouzska, французская
francouzska, французька
francouzska, француска
francouzska, френска
francuska, французская
francuska, француска
frangepan, frankapan
frangepan, frankopan
franjo, franz
franjo, франьо
franjo, фрањо
frank, frankas
frank, franz
frank, φρανκ
frank, франк
frank, френк
frank, фрэнк
frank, ֆրանկ
frank, ֆրենկ
frank, ფრანკ
frank, ფრენკ
frankas, франк
frans, franz
frans, φρανς
frans, франс
frans, франсоа
frans, франсуа
frans, франц
frans, ֆրանս
frans, ֆրանց
frans, ფრანსუა
fransua, ფრანსუა
frants, franz
frants, франц
frantsevna, францевна
frantz, franz
franz, φραντς
franz, ференц
franz, франк
franz, франсуа
franz, франц
franz, фрањо
franz, ֆրանց
franz, ფრანსუა
franz, ფრანც
fred, φρεντ
fred, фред
french, френч
freud, freudova
freud, ֆրոյդ
freudova, ֆրոյդ
frolov, frolow
frolov, frołow
frolov, фролов
frolova, frolowa
frolova, фролова
frolow, frołow
frolow, фролов
frolowa, фролова
froment, фроман
frontao, fronto
frontao, fronton
frontao, фронтон
fronto, fronton
fronto, frontone
fronto, фронтон
fronton, фронтон
frontone, фронтон
frołow, фролов
fuad, фуад
fuad, ფუად
fuchs, fuchsova
fuchs, фукс
fuchs, фухс
fugger, фуггер
fugger, фугер
fukagawa, фукагава
fukasawa, фукасава
fukawa, фукава
fukazawa, фукадзава
fukuda, φουκουντα
fukuda, фукуда
fukuda, ֆուկուդա
fukuzawa, фукудзава
fukuzou, фукудзо
fulco, fulk
fulco, fulko
fulco, φουλκων
fulco, фулк
fulco, фульк
fulk, fulko
fulk, φουλκων
fulk, фулк
fulk, фульк
fulko, φουλκων
fulko, фулк
fulko, фульк
funakawa, фунакава
fung, фэн
furtwangler, фуртвенглер
furukawa, фурукава
furusawa, фурусава
fus, fuso
fus, fusus
fus, фуз
fusc, fusco
fusc, fuscus
fusco, fuscus
fusco, фуск
fuscus, фуск
fuso, fusus
fuso, фуз
fusus, фуз
fuwa, фува
fyodor, teodor
fyodor, федор
fyodor, фьодор
fyodor, фјодор
fyodor, ֆեոդոր
fyodor, თედორე
fyodorov, федоров
fyodorova, федорова
fyodorovna, федоровна
gael, γκαελ
gaertner, gartner
gaertner, гертнер
gaetano, γκαετανο
gagen, гаген
gagnon, ганьон
gaj, гај
gajus, гај
gal, gallo
gal, gallus
gal, galo
gal, γαλλος
gal, гал
gal, галл
galantha, galanty
galeas, galeazzo
galeazzo, галеацо
galeazzo, галеаццо
gales, galles
gales, wales
gales, велса
gall, gallen
gallagher, галахър
gallagher, галлахер
galle, галле
gallego, гальего
gallegos, гальегос
galles, wales
galles, велса
gallo, gallus
gallo, galo
gallo, γαλλος
gallo, гал
gallo, галл
gallus, galo
gallus, γαλλος
gallus, гал
gallus, галл
galo, гал
galo, галл
galojan, գալոյան
galstjan, գալստյան
gamble, гэмбл
gamow, гамов
ganchev, ганчев
gand, gent
ganesh, ганеш
ganeva, ganewa
ganna, hanna
ganna, анна
ganna, ганна
gannon, гэннон
gant, gent
ganz, ганц
gao, гао
gardar, garðar
gardner, gardnerova
gardner, гарднер
gardnerova, гарднер
gareth, гарет
gareth, գարեթ
garmach, гармаш
garmash, гармаш
garner, гарнер
garner, гарнър
garrett, γκαρετ
garrett, гаррет
garrett, гарретт
garrett, гэррет
garth, гарт
gartner, гертнер
gasanov, гасанов
gascogne, guascogna
gascony, guascogna
gaspar, gaspard
gaspar, γκασπαρ
gaspar, гаспар
gaspard, kaspar
gaspard, гаспар
gasparjan, гаспарян
gasparjan, գասպարյան
gasper, jasper
gastao, gaston
gastao, gastone
gastao, γκασταο
gastao, гастан
gastao, гастон
gasto, gaston
gasto, gastone
gasto, γκαστον
gasto, гастон
gaston, gastone
gaston, γκασταο
gaston, γκαστον
gaston, гастан
gaston, гастон
gastone, γκαστον
gastone, гастон
gates, гејтс
gaulle, γκωλ
gavala, γαβαλα
gay, գեյ
gayo, гај
gayo, года
gayo, року
gebauer, гебауэр
gebhard, gebhardt
gebhard, гебхард
gebhardt, гебхардт
gebre, гебре
geddes, геддес
gedeon, гедеон
gedern, гедерн
geerard, gerard
geert, герт
gegham, гегам
gegham, գեղամ
geghamyan, գեղամյան
gejza, geza
gekker, геккер
gela, guela
gela, гела
gela, გელა
gelb, гелб
gelber, гелбер
geldern, gelre
geldern, guelders
geldern, gueldre
geldern, гелдерн
gelfand, гельфанд
geller, геллер
gellert, геллерт
gelman, гельман
gelre, guelders
gelre, gueldre
gelre, гелдерн
gen, гэн
genaro, jenaro
genaro, хенаро
genc, jeune
genc, jongere
genc, jungere
genc, younger
gendron, гендрон
gendt, гендт
general, генерал
generalov, генералов
genev, генев
geneva, geneve
geneva, γενευης
geneve, γενευης
geng, гэн
genkov, генков
gennadevna, gennadjevna
gennadevna, геннадьевна
gennadjevna, геннадьевна
gennadjewna, геннадьевна
gennadyevna, геннадьевна
gennosuke, гэнносукэ
geno, гено
genoa, genova
genoa, γενουας
genov, генов
genova, γενουας
gensho, genshou
gensho, гэнсе
genshou, гэнсе
gent, ghent
genta, гэнта
gentaro, gentarou
gentaro, гэнтаро
gentarou, гэнтаро
genz, генц
genzo, genzou
genzo, гэндзо
genzou, гэндзо
geoff, geoffrey
geoff, ջեֆ
geoffrey, geoffroy
geoffrey, godfryd
geoffrey, godofredo
geoffrey, goffredo
geoffrey, jofre
geoffrey, жоффруа
geoffroy, godefroy
geoffroy, godfrey
geoffroy, godfryd
geoffroy, godofredo
geoffroy, goffredo
geoffroy, jofre
geoffroy, ζοφρουα
geoffroy, жофруа
geoffroy, жоффруа
geon, gun
georg, georgas
georg, george
georg, georges
georg, gregor
georg, gyorgy
georg, jerzy
georg, jorg
georg, jorge
georg, juraj
georg, yrjo
georg, георг
georg, ґеорґ
georg, գեորգ
georg, გეორგ
georg, ჯორჯ
georgakopoulos, γεωργακοπουλος
georgas, георг
george, georgeova
george, georges
george, georgy
george, gheorghe
george, gjergj
george, gyorgy
george, jerzy
george, jorge
george, георг
george, георге
george, герцог
george, граф
george, գեորգ
george, գեւորգ
george, ջորջ
george, გეორგ
george, ჯორჯ
georges, georgy
georges, gyorgy
georges, jerzy
georges, jorge
georges, георг
georges, գեւորգ
georges, ջորջ
georges, ჟორჟ
georges, ჯორჯ
georgy, jorge
ger, гер
gera, гера
gerald, gerard
gerald, gerardo
gerald, геральд
gerald, джералд
gerald, джеральд
gerald, жеральд
gerald, џералд
gerald, ջերալդ
geraldo, жералдо
gerard, gerardas
gerard, gerardo
gerard, gerardus
gerard, gerhard
gerard, gerhardus
gerard, gherardo
gerard, γεραρδος
gerard, ζεραρ
gerard, герард
gerard, герхард
gerard, жерар
gerard, жерард
gerard, херард
gerard, ժերար
gerard, ჟერარ
gerardas, герард
gerardas, герхард
gerardo, gerardus
gerardo, gerhard
gerardo, gherardo
gerardo, герард
gerardo, герардо
gerardo, херардо
gerardus, gerhard
gerardus, герард
gerben, гербен
gerber, гербер
gerberga, gerberge
gerberga, герберга
gerberge, герберга
gerbert, герберт
gerd, gerhard
gerd, gert
gerd, герд
gerd, герхард
gerda, герда
gerda, գերդա
gerdt, гердт
gergana, гергана
gergely, գերգեյ
gerhard, gerhardas
gerhard, gerhardt
gerhard, gerhardus
gerhard, gerhart
gerhard, gherardo
gerhard, γεραρδος
gerhard, герард
gerhard, гергард
gerhard, герхард
gerhard, ґергард
gerhard, գերհարդ
gerhard, გერჰარდ
gerhardt, герхард
gerhardt, герхардт
gerhart, герхарт
gerke, герке
gerlach, герлах
germa, german
germa, germano
germa, germanus
germa, герман
german, germano
german, germanus
german, herman
german, hermann
german, γερμανος
german, χερμαν
german, герман
german, херман
german, գերման
germano, germanus
germano, γερμανος
germano, герман
germano, жермано
germanos, γερμανος
germanos, герман
germanos, германос
germanov, германов
germanova, германова
germanus, γερμανος
germanus, герман
gernet, гернет
gernot, гернот
gero, геро
gerolamo, jerome
gerov, геров
gerrard, ջերարդ
gersevanov, герсеванов
gershon, gerszon
gershon, гершон
gerson, жерсон
gerster, герстер
gert, γκερτ
gert, герт
gertrud, gertruda
gertrud, gertrude
gertrud, γερτρουδη
gertrud, гертруд
gertrud, гертруда
gertruda, gertrude
gertruda, γερτρουδη
gertruda, гертруда
gertrude, γερτρουδη
gertrude, гертруда
gertrude, гертруде
gerusalemme, jerusalem
gerusalemme, jerusalen
gerusalemme, jeruzalem
geschke, гешке
geshev, гешев
gesner, gessner
gesner, геснер
gessler, geßler
gessner, geßner
gessner, гесснер
gesu, jesus
gesu, jezusa
getz, гетц
gevorg, geworg
gevorg, геворг
gevorg, геворк
gevorg, գեւորգ
gevorgjan, gevorgyan
gevorgjan, геворгян
gevorgjan, գեւորգյան
gevorgyan, геворгян
gevorgyan, геворкян
gevorgyan, գեւորգյան
gevork, геворк
gevork, գեւորգ
geworg, геворг
geworg, գեւորգ
geza, геза
geza, ґеза
ghazaryan, казарян
ghazaryan, ղազարյան
gheorghe, gyorgy
gheorghe, jerzy
gherardo, герардо
gherman, герман
ghevondyan, ղեւոնդյան
ghose, ghosh
gjaco, gyaco
gjaco, гацо
gjuzelev, гюзелев
gladkov, gladkow
gladkov, гладков
gladkow, гладков
glasunow, glazounov
glasunow, glazunov
glasunow, глазунов
glauc, glauco
glauc, glaucus
glauco, glaucone
glauco, glaucus
glazkov, глазков
glazounov, glazunov
glazounov, глазунов
glazunov, глазунов
glebov, glebow
glebov, глебов
glebow, глебов
glen, γκλεν
glen, глен
glen, գլեն
glenn, γκλεν
glenn, глен
glenn, гленн
glenn, գլեն
gloechov, глухов
glogau, głogow
gloger, глогер
glotov, глотов
gloucester, глостер
glucksborg, glucksbourg
glucksborg, glucksburg
glucksborg, глюксбурзька
glucksbourg, glucksburg
glucksbourg, глюксбурзька
glucksburg, глюксбурзька
glukhov, глухов
gluschkow, глушков
gnaeus, gnejusz
gnaeus, gneo
gnaeus, gneu
gnaeus, гнеј
gnaeus, გნეუს
gnejusz, gneo
gnejusz, gneu
gneo, gneu
gneo, гнеј
gneo, გნეუს
gneu, гнеј
gneu, გნეუს
gobert, гобер
gocha, gocza
gocha, гоча
gocha, გოჩა
gocza, гоча
gocza, გოჩა
godard, годар
goddard, годдар
godefroy, godfrey
godefroy, godofredo
godefroy, godofreu
godefroy, goffredo
godefroy, gotfryd
godfred, godofredo
godfred, goffredo
godfrey, godofredo
godfrey, godofreu
godfrey, goffredo
godfrey, gotfryd
godfryd, godofredo
godfryd, goffredo
godfryd, jofre
godfryd, жоффруа
godofredo, godofreu
godofredo, goffredo
godofredo, gotfryd
godofredo, jofre
godofredo, жоффруа
godofreu, goffredo
godofreu, gotfryd
goebbels, գեբելս
goerev, гурьев
goergen, гурген
goergen, գուրգեն
goerjanov, гурьянов
goesev, gusev
goesev, gussew
goesev, гусев
goethe, гете
goetz, гетц
goffredo, gotfryd
goffredo, jofre
goffredo, жоффруа
gokhan, гекхан
gollner, гелльнер
goloebev, golubev
goloebev, golubew
goloebev, голубев
golovachev, головачев
golovko, golowko
golovko, головко
golovtsjenko, головченко
golubev, golubew
golubev, голубев
golubev, գոլուբեւ
golubeva, golubewa
golubeva, голубева
golubew, голубев
golubewa, голубева
golubk, golubkova
golz, гольц
gomez, γκομεζ
gomez, гомес
gomez, գոմես
goncal, gonzalo
goncalo, gonzalo
goncalo, гонсало
goncalo, гонсалу
goncalves, гонсалвес
goncalves, гонсалвеш
goncalves, гонсальвес
goncarov, goncharov
goncarov, гончаров
gonchar, гончар
goncharenko, гончаренко
goncharov, gontcharov
goncharov, gontscharow
goncharov, гончаров
goncharov, գոնչարով
goncharova, гончарова
gonczarow, гончаров
gong, гун
gontaut, гонто
gontcharov, гончаров
gontscharow, гончаров
gonul, генюль
gonzaga, гонзага
gonzaga, ґонзаґа
gonzaga, გონძაგა
gonzalez, γκονζαλες
gonzalez, γκονσαλες
gonzalez, гонсалес
gonzalo, γκονζαλο
gonzalo, гонсало
gooch, гуч
goodfellow, гудфеллоу
goran, γκοραν
goran, горан
goran, еран
gorbachev, горбачев
gorbatsjjov, горбачев
gorbunov, gorbunow
gorbunov, горбунов
gorbunova, gorbunowa
gorbunow, горбунов
gorbunowa, горбунова
gorchakov, gorczakow
gorchakov, gortchakov
gorchakov, горчаков
gorczakow, горчаков
gord, gordon
gord, гордон
gordon, гордон
gorelov, gorelow
gorelov, горелов
gorelow, горелов
gorgo, gorgos
gorjunov, горюнов
gorochov, gorokhov
gorochov, горохов
gorog, grece
gorog, greece
gorog, recka
gorog, грецька
gorokhov, горохов
gorrevod, горрево
gorschkow, gorshkov
gorschkow, gorsjkov
gorschkow, горшков
gorshkov, gorsjkov
gorshkov, горшков
gorsjkov, горшков
gorskov, gorszkow
gorskov, горшков
gorszkow, горшков
gortchakov, горчаков
goryachev, горячев
gosho, госе
gosmanof, усманов
gosta, gustaf
gota, gotha
gota, γκοτα
gota, гота
gotha, γκοτα
gotha, του
gotha, гота
gotse, гоце
gotsev, гоцев
gotthard, gotthart
gotthard, готтгард
gotthard, готхард
gottorf, gottorp
gottorf, готорп
gottorp, γκοττορπ
gottorp, готорп
goudkov, gudkov
goudkov, gudkow
gourgen, gurgen
gourgen, гурген
gourgen, գուրգեն
gow, гоу
gozo, годзо
gra, gran
gra, grande
grabow, грабов
graca, граса
gracchus, gracco
gracchus, graco
gracchus, гракх
gracchus, грах
gracco, graco
gracco, гракх
gracco, грах
grachev, grachyov
grachev, gratschow
grachev, грачев
gracheva, грачева
grachyov, gratschow
grachyov, gratsjov
grachyov, грачев
graco, гракх
graco, грах
graczow, грачев
graf, γκραφ
graf, граф
graham, грем
graham, грехем
graham, греъм
graham, грејам
graham, грэм
graham, ґрем
graham, գրեմ
graham, გრემ
gramont, грамон
gran, grand
gran, grande
gran, great
gran, grote
gran, große
grancharov, грънчаров
grand, grande
grand, great
grand, legrand
grande, great
grande, grote
grande, große
grange, гранж
grant, γκραντ
grant, грант
grant, գրանտ
grant, հրանտ
grato, gratus
grato, грат
gratschow, gratsjov
gratschow, грачев
gratsjjov, грачев
gratsjjova, грачева
gratsjov, грачев
gratus, грат
grave, grawe
grave, граве
grawe, граве
gray, grayova
gray, греј
gray, գրեյ
great, grote
great, große
grece, greece
grece, recka
grece, грецька
greece, recka
greece, грецька
green, γκρην
greg, gregory
greg, грег
greg, գրեգ
gregg, gregory
gregor, грегор
gregory, грег
gregory, գրեգ
grekland, grækenland
grekov, греков
gretchen, гретхен
grete, grethe
grethe, грета
grofja, граф
gromov, gromow
gromov, громов
gromova, gromowa
gromova, громова
gromow, громов
gromowa, громова
gronbech, grønbech
gros, legros
gros, гро
gross, γκρος
grote, große
groth, грот
groves, гров
grubenhagen, грубенхаген
grunewald, грюневальд
grunwald, грюнвальд
gruschko, грушко
grushko, грушко
guang, гуан
gubanova, gubanowa
gubanova, губанова
gubanowa, губанова
gudbjorg, guðbjorg
gudbrandsson, guðbrandsson
gudelj, гудель
gudelj, гудељ
gudhmundsson, gudmundsson
gudhmundsson, guðmundsson
gudhmundsson, гудмундсон
gudhmundsson, гудмундссон
gudhmundur, gudmundur
gudhmundur, guðmundur
gudhrun, gudrun
gudhrun, guðrun
gudjonsson, guðjonsson
gudkov, gudkow
gudkow, гудков
gudlaugsson, guðlaugsson
gudmundsson, guðmundsson
gudmundsson, гудмундссон
gudmundur, guðmundur
gudnason, guðnason
gudrun, guðrun
guela, гела
guelders, gueldre
gueldre, гелдерн
guelfo, welf
guelfo, γουελφος
guelfo, велф
guelfo, вельф
guema, nguema
guenter, gunter
guenter, gunther
guenther, gunter
guenther, gunther
guenther, гюнтер
guerman, герман
guerne, герн
guerra, γκουερα
guerra, герра
guerra, гуерра
guerra, гуэрра
guerrero, γκερερο
guerrero, гереро
guerrero, герерро
guerrero, герреро
guest, гест
guevara, гевара
guez, гез
guggenberger, гуггенбергер
gugsa, gugsza
gulager, гулагер
guljajew, gulyayev
guljajew, гуляев
gulsum, kulthum
gulsum, кульсум
gulyayev, гуляев
gummer, γκαμερ
gumprecht, гумпрехт
gunnar, γκουναρ
gunnar, гуннар
gunter, gunther
gunter, gynter
gunter, гюнтер
gunther, γκουντερ
gunther, γκυντερ
gunther, гюнтер
gunther, գյունտեր
guo, kuo
guo, quach
gurgen, гурген
gurgen, գուրգեն
gurjanow, guryanov
gurjanow, гурьянов
gurjew, гурьев
gurow, гуров
guryanov, гурьянов
gusev, gussew
gusev, гусев
gusev, гусєв
gusmao, guzman
gusmao, гусман
gussev, гусев
gussew, гусев
gussew, гусєв
gust, gustav
gustaaf, gustav
gustaaf, gustave
gustaaf, gustavo
gustaaf, γουσταυος
gustaaf, густав
gustaf, gustav
gustaf, gustaw
gustaf, kustaa
gustaf, густав
gustau, gustavas
gustau, gustave
gustau, gustavo
gustau, gustaw
gustau, kustaa
gustau, γουσταυος
gustau, густав
gustav, gustavas
gustav, gustave
gustav, gustavo
gustav, gustavus
gustav, gustaw
gustav, gusztav
gustav, kustaa
gustav, γκουσταφ
gustav, γουσταυος
gustav, густав
gustav, გუსტავ
gustavas, gustaw
gustavas, kustaa
gustavas, γουσταυος
gustavas, густав
gustavas, გუსტავ
gustave, gustavo
gustave, gustaw
gustave, γουσταυος
gustave, густав
gustave, гюстав
gustavo, gustaw
gustavo, γουσταυος
gustavo, густав
gustavs, густав
gustavus, густав
gustaw, kustaa
gustaw, γουσταυος
gustaw, густав
gustaw, գուստավ
gustaw, გუსტავ
gustrow, гюстров
gusztav, густав
guy, γκυ
guy, гај
guzman, гусман
guðmundsson, гудмундсон
guðmundsson, гудмундссон
gvaladze, gwaladse
gvaladze, ღვალაძე
gwaladse, ღვალაძე
gwen, гвен
gyaco, гацо
gyaltsen, gyeltshen
gyatsho, gyatso
gyeong, kyeong
gyeong, kyung
gyldenlove, gyldenløve
gyorgy, jerzy
gyorgy, jorge
gyorgy, juraj
gyorgy, seoras
gyorgy, yrjo
gyorgy, георг
gyorgy, џорџ
gyorgy, ջորջ
gyorgy, ჯორჯ
gyozo, дьезе
gyu, kyu
gyula, гула
gyula, дьюла
gyula, дюла
gyula, ђула
gyuzelev, гюзелев
gładkow, гладков
haakonsson, hakonarson
haakonsson, hakonsson
haas, гаас
haas, хаас
haase, гаазе
habarov, khabarov
habarov, хабаров
haber, абер
habsbourg, habsburg
habsbourg, habsburgo
habsbourg, habsburgu
habsbourg, habsburska
habsbourg, habsbursko
habsbourg, habsburzanka
habsbourg, габсбург
habsbourg, габсбурґ
habsburg, habsburgo
habsburg, habsburgu
habsburg, habsburska
habsburg, habsbursko
habsburg, habsbursky
habsburg, habsburzanka
habsburg, габсбург
habsburg, габсбурґ
habsburg, хабсбург
habsburg, հաբսբուրգ
habsburg, ჰაბსბურგ
habsburgo, habsburgu
habsburgo, habsburska
habsburgo, habsbursko
habsburgo, habsbursky
habsburgo, habsburzanka
habsburgo, габсбург
habsburgo, габсбурґ
habsburgo, հաբսբուրգ
habsburgo, ჰაბსბურგ
habsburgu, habsburska
habsburgu, habsbursko
habsburgu, habsbursky
habsburgu, habsburzanka
habsburgu, габсбург
habsburgu, габсбурґ
habsburska, habsburzanka
habsburska, габсбург
habsburska, хабсбург
habsbursko, габсбург
habsbursko, ჰაბსბურგ
habsbursky, габсбург
habsbursky, хабсбург
hacane, hasan
hachberg, хахберг
hadj, хадж
haetta, hætta
hagen, гаген
hagen, хаген
hager, хагер
hagop, акоп
hagop, հակոբ
hahn, ган
hahn, хан
hajdar, haydar
hakan, гокан
hakob, акоп
hakob, հակոբ
hakobjan, hakobyan
hakobjan, акопян
hakobjan, հակոբյան
hakobyan, акобян
hakobyan, акопян
hakobyan, հակոբյան
hakon, хакон
hakonarson, hakonsson
hal, harry
hal, χαλ
hal, хэл
hall, χολ
hall, голл
hall, хол
hall, холл
haller, галлер
hamauzu, хамаудзу
hamazasp, амазасп
hamazasp, համազասպ
hambourg, гамбург
hamburger, гамбургер
hamed, mohamed
hamengkoeboewono, hamengkubuwono
hamengkoeboewono, хаменгкубувоно
hamengkubuwana, hamengkubuwono
hamengkubuwono, хаменгкубувоно
hamlet, гамлет
hamlet, համլետ
hamm, χαμ
hammer, гаммер
hammer, хаммер
hamza, χαμζα
hamza, хамза
han, hans
han, johan
han, kan
han, khan
han, χαν
han, кан
han, хан
han, խան
hana, гана
hanau, ганау
hanawa, ханава
hancock, handcock
hancock, χανκοκ
hancock, хэнкок
hanfstaengl, ганфштенгль
hank, henry
hanke, ганке
hanna, hannah
hanna, johanna
hanna, χανα
hanna, анна
hanna, ганна
hanna, хана
hanna, ханна
hanna, աննա
hanna, հաննա
hannah, johanna
hannah, ганна
hannah, хана
hannah, ханна
hannah, հաննա
hanne, johanna
hannes, hans
hannes, johannes
hannes, ганнес
hannes, ханнес
hannoverska, hanowerska
hanns, hans
hanns, johannes
hanns, χανς
hanns, ганс
hanns, ханс
hanoch, ханох
hans, hansas
hans, hasse
hans, janos
hans, johan
hans, johann
hans, johannes
hans, χανς
hans, ганс
hans, ханс
hans, հանս
hans, ჰანს
hansen, χανσεν
hansen, ганзен
hansen, гансен
hansen, хансен
hanzawa, хандзава
hanzo, хандзо
hara, ohara
hara, χαρα
hara, хара
harald, гаральд
harald, харалд
harald, харальд
harald, հարալդ
harbe, гарбе
hardenberg, гарденберг
hare, хэа
harewood, хэрвуд
harkness, гаркнесс
harlamov, харламов
harlan, χαρλαν
harlan, гарлан
harlan, харлан
harlow, харлоу
harmon, хармон
haro, аро
harold, гарольд
harold, харолд
harold, харольд
harold, հարոլդ
harold, ჰაროლდ
haroldo, арольдо
harper, χαρπερ
harper, гарпер
harper, харпер
harper, харпър
harry, henry
hart, χαρτ
hart, гарт
hart, харт
hart, հարթ
hartman, hartmann
hartman, χαρτμαν
hartman, гартман
hartman, хартман
hartmann, гартман
hartmann, гартманн
hartmann, хартман
hartmann, хартманн
hartsjenko, харченко
harutyun, арутюн
harutyun, հարություն
harutyunyan, арутюнян
harutyunyan, հարությունյան
harvey, herve
harvey, эрве
harwood, харвуд
hasan, hassan
hasan, həsən
hasan, khasan
hasan, χασαν
hasan, гасан
hasan, хасан
hasan, хассан
hasan, ჰასან
hasanov, həsənov
hasanov, гасанов
hasdrubal, hazdrubal
hasdrubal, гасдрубал
hasdrubal, хасдрубал
hasegava, hasegawa
hasegava, haszegava
hasegava, хасегава
hasegava, хасэгава
hasegawa, haszegava
hasegawa, хасегава
hasegawa, хасэгава
hasratyan, асратян
hasratyan, հասրաթյան
hassan, hasszan
hassan, χασαν
hassan, хасан
hassan, хассан
hassan, հասան
haszegava, хасегава
haszegava, хасэгава
hatojama, hatoyama
hatojama, хатояма
hatoyama, хатояма
hattab, khattab
hatun, khatun
hatun, χατουν
hatun, хатун
hatun, խաթուն
hau, zhao
hauke, гауке
hauser, гаузер
havel, гавел
hawthorne, хоторн
hawthorne, հոթորն
haxthausen, հաքստհաուզեն
hayakawa, хаякава
haye, lahaye
haykaz, հայկազ
haytham, heysam
hazama, хадзама
hazdrubal, гасдрубал
hazdrubal, хасдрубал
hazelwood, hazlewood
hazeyama, хадзэяма
hearst, герст
hearst, херст
hearst, հերսթ
heather, гетер
heather, хедър
heather, хезер
heather, хэзер
hecataeus, hecatee
hecht, хехт
hecker, геккер
heckscher, хекшер
hector, εκτορ
hector, гектор
hector, ектор
hector, хектор
hector, эктор
hector, էկտոր
hector, հեկտոր
hector, ექტორ
hedberg, гедберг
hedlund, гедлунд
hegedus, хегедюш
helder, элдер
helen, helena
helen, helene
helen, jelena
helen, ελεν
helen, ελενη
helen, гелен
helen, елена
helen, олена
helen, хелен
helen, хелън
helen, элен
helen, јелена
helen, հելեն
helena, helene
helena, jelena
helena, ελενα
helena, ελενη
helena, гелена
helena, елена
helena, олена
helena, хелен
helena, хелена
helena, элена
helena, јелена
helena, ելենա
helena, հելենա
helena, ელენა
helene, jelena
helene, ελεν
helene, ελενα
helene, ελενη
helene, елен
helene, елена
helene, олена
helene, хелена
helene, элен
helene, єлена
helene, јелена
helge, хельга
helge, хельге
heller, геллер
heller, хеллер
hellmut, hellmuth
hellmut, гельмут
hellmuth, helmuth
hellmuth, гельмут
hellmuth, хельмут
helmer, гельмер
helms, гелмс
helms, хелмс
helmut, helmuth
helmut, χελμουτ
helmut, гельмут
helmut, хелмут
helmut, хельмут
helmut, հելմուտ
helmut, ჰელმუტ
helmuth, гельмут
helmuth, хельмут
henderson, χεντερσον
henderson, гендерсон
henderson, хендерсон
henegouwen, hennegau
henk, генк
henry, henryk
henry, χενρυ
henry, хэнк
henshaw, хеншоу
heras, эрас
herb, герб
herbert, herbertas
herbert, герберт
herbert, херберт
herbert, хърбърт
herbert, հերբերտ
herbert, ჰერბერტ
herbertas, герберт
herbertas, херберт
herbst, гербст
herburt, гербурт
herceg, hertog
herceg, hertsog
herceg, hertug
herceg, herzog
hercule, hercules
hercule, ερκυλ
hercule, эркюль
hercules, ηρακλης
hercules, геркулес
hercules, эркюль
herman, hermann
herman, hermannus
herman, hermanus
herman, χερμαν
herman, герман
herman, херман
herman, հերման
herman, ჰერმან
hermann, hermannus
hermann, herrmann
hermann, χερμαν
hermann, герман
hermann, германн
hermann, херман
hermann, գերման
hermann, հերման
hermann, ჰერმან
hermes, эрмес
hermogen, гермоген
hermogene, hermogenes
hermogene, гермоген
hermogenes, ερμογενης
hermogenes, гермоген
hernan, ернан
hernan, эрнан
hernan, էռնան
hernandez, χερναντεζ
hernandez, ернандез
hernandez, ернандес
hernandez, эрнандез
hernandez, эрнандес
hernandez, էռնանդես
hernando, эрнандо
herodes, ηρωδης
herodot, herodotos
herodot, herodotus
herodotos, herodotus
herodotos, ηροδοτος
herold, герольд
herranz, эрранс
herrera, ερρερα
herrera, еррера
herrera, эррера
herrero, эрреро
herrm, herrmann
herrmann, герман
herschel, хершел
herta, герта
herta, херта
hertog, hertsog
hertog, hertug
hertog, herzog
hertug, herzog
herve, ερβε
herve, ерве
herve, эрве
herve, էրվե
herz, герц
herz, херц
herzberg, херцберг
herzberg, հերցբերգ
herzen, герцен
herzog, герцог
herzog, херцог
hesham, хешам
hess, heß
hess, гесс
hesse, hessen
hesse, гессе
hesse, гессен
hesse, хесен
hessen, lajos
hessen, гессен
hessen, хесен
het, του
hetman, гетьман
heß, гесс
hjalmar, ялмар
hjalmar, яльмар
hjon, хен
hjong, hyung
hjort, hjorth
hleb, глеб
hoac, huo
hoang, hong
hoang, huang
hoang, tenno
hoang, zhang
hoang, хаан
hoang, хуан
hoarau, оаро
hobson, гобсон
hoch, хох
hochlov, khokhlov
hochlov, хохлов
hodgson, ходжсон
hodzoova, ходзе
hoedjakov, khudjakov
hoedjakov, khudyakov
hoedjakov, худяков
hoeg, høeg
hofer, гофер
hoff, χοφ
hoff, гофф
hoffm, hoffmann
hoffman, hoffmann
hoffman, χοφμαν
hoffman, гофман
hoffman, гоффман
hoffman, хофман
hoffman, хоффман
hoffman, հոֆման
hoffmann, χοφμαν
hoffmann, гофман
hoffmann, гоффман
hoffmann, гоффманн
hoffmann, хофман
hoffmann, хоффман
hoffmann, հոֆման
hofm, hofmann
hofman, гофман
hofmann, χοφμαν
hofmann, гофман
hofmann, гофманн
hofmann, հոֆման
hogarth, хогарт
hogberg, høgberg
hohensolms, хоензолмс
hohenstauf, hohenstaufen
hojo, houjou
holan, голан
holanda, holland
holanda, hollande
holanda, olanda
holden, холден
holger, гольгер
holger, холгер
holger, хольгер
holland, hollande
holland, hollandova
holland, olanda
holland, χολαντ
holland, χολλαντ
holland, голланд
holland, холанд
holland, холланд
holland, հոլանդ
hollande, olanda
holmberg, гольмберг
holmes, голмс
holmes, холмс
holt, голт
holt, холт
holub, голуб
holzman, хольцман
homer, гомер
homeros, ομηρος
homjakov, хомяков
homme, uomo
honcharenko, гончаренко
honcharov, гончаров
hong, хон
hong, хун
hongbo, хунбо
honma, хомма
honorat, honoratus
honorat, onorato
honorato, honoratus
honoratus, onorato
honore, onorato
honore, ονορε
honore, оноре
honore, օնորե
honore, ონორე
hood, гуд
hoon, хун
hoover, гувер
hope, хоуп
hoppe, гоппе
hopper, χοπερ
hopper, гоппер
hopper, хоппер
horace, горас
horace, орас
horak, горак
horban, горбань
horbunow, горбунов
hordur, horður
horn, горн
horne, hornes
horst, χορστ
horst, горст
horst, хорст
horton, хортон
horvat, horvath
horvath, хорват
hosokawa, хосокава
hough, хаф
houston, хьюстон
houston, хјустон
hovhannes, howhannes
hovhannes, ovanes
hovhannes, ованес
hovhannes, ованнес
hovhannes, հովհաննես
hovsepyan, овсепян
hovsepyan, հովսեփյան
howard, говард
howard, хауард
howard, хауърд
howard, ховард
howard, հովարդ
howard, ჰოვარდ
howarth, ховарт
howhannes, հովհաննես
hoxha, ходжа
hoyer, høyer
hozan, ходзан
hrachya, грачья
hrachya, հրաչյա
hrant, грант
hrant, հրանտ
hromadka, громадка
hrvoje, хрвое
huang, wong
huang, вонг
huang, хуан
hubarenko, губаренко
huber, губер
huber, хубер
hubert, hubertus
hubert, uberto
hubert, губерт
hubert, хуберт
hubertus, губертус
hubner, гюбнер
hudson, гадсон
hudson, хадсон
huebbenet, гюббенет
huerta, уэрта
huertas, уертас
huertas, уэртас
hug, hugh
hug, hugo
hug, hugon
hug, hugues
hug, ugo
hug, ουγος
hug, гуго
hug, хуго
hugh, hughes
hugh, hugo
hugh, hugon
hugh, hugues
hugh, ugo
hugh, ουγος
hugh, του
hugh, гуго
hugh, хуго
hugh, хью
hugh, хју
hughes, hugues
hughes, хьюз
hughes, հյուզ
hugo, hugon
hugo, hugues
hugo, ugo
hugo, ουγκο
hugo, ουγο
hugo, ουγος
hugo, гуго
hugo, гуґо
hugo, гюго
hugo, уго
hugo, угу
hugo, хуго
hugo, хью
hugo, хьюго
hugo, хюго
hugo, юго
hugo, հյուգո
hugo, հուգո
hugo, ուգո
hugo, ჰუგო
hugon, hugues
hugon, ugo
hugon, гуго
hugues, ugo
hugues, ουγος
hugues, гуго
hugues, хуго
hugues, хьюз
huguet, угет
hull, галл
hulme, хьюм
humbert, umberto
humbert, гумберт
humbert, умберт
humberto, umberto
humberto, умберто
humberto, умберту
humboldt, гумбольдт
humboldt, հումբոլդտ
hun, хун
hungerford, хангерфорд
hunt, χαντ
hunt, гант
hunt, хант
hunt, хънт
hunt, հանտ
hunter, χαντερ
hunter, гантер
hunter, хантер
hunter, хънтър
hunter, հանթեր
hurst, херст
hurtado, уртадо
huston, хьюстон
huston, хюстън
huston, хјустон
huston, юстон
huston, հյուսթոն
huth, гут
huth, хут
hutten, гуттен
huyen, xuan
hvostov, khvostov
hvostov, хвостов
hyeon, хен
hyeon, хьон
hyung, хен
həsən, гасан
həsənov, гасанов
jaak, jacques
jaak, яак
jaakko, jacob
jaakko, jakab
jaakko, jakob
jaakko, jakub
jaakko, jaume
jaakko, яакко
jaakko, ջեյմս
jaakov, yaakov
jaakov, яаков
jaan, яан
jaana, яана
jaap, jacob
jaap, яап
jaap, якоб
jaba, ჯაბა
jablokov, яблоков
jablonskaja, yablonskaya
jac, jacob
jac, jacques
jacek, яцек
jacenko, yatsenko
jacenko, яценко
jaceslav, vyacheslav
jaceslav, вячеслав
jaceslav, ячеслав
jack, jacob
jack, jacques
jack, jake
jack, jakob
jack, john
jack, τζακ
jack, джак
jack, джек
jack, жак
jack, жек
jack, џек
jack, џон
jack, ջեկ
jack, ջեք
jack, ჯეკ
jacks, jackson
jackson, τζακσον
jackson, джаксън
jackson, джексон
jackson, жексон
jackson, џексон
jackson, ջեքսոն
jackson, ჯექსონ
jacky, jacques
jacky, жак
jaco, jacob
jacob, jacobo
jacob, jacobs
jacob, jacobus
jacob, jacopo
jacob, jacques
jacob, jakab
jacob, jake
jacob, jakob
jacob, jakov
jacob, jakow
jacob, jakub
jacob, james
jacob, jaques
jacob, jaume
jacob, yaacov
jacob, yaakov
jacob, τζακ
jacob, джек
jacob, жакоб
jacob, яаков
jacob, якоб
jacob, яков
jacob, якуб
jacob, јакоб
jacob, јаков
jacob, հակոբ
jacob, յակոբ
jacob, ջեք
jacoba, якоба
jacobaeus, jacobæus
jacobo, jacobus
jacobo, jacopo
jacobo, jacques
jacobo, jakab
jacobo, jakob
jacobo, jakub
jacobo, хакобо
jacobo, якоб
jacobs, jacobsova
jacobs, jacobszoon
jacobs, якобс
jacobs, ջեյկոբս
jacobsen, jakobsen
jacobsen, якобсен
jacobsohn, якобсон
jacobson, якобсон
jacobsz, jacobszoon
jacobsz, якобс
jacobus, jacopo
jacobus, jacques
jacobus, jakab
jacobus, jakob
jacobus, jakobus
jacobus, jakub
jacobus, james
jacobus, jaume
jacobus, якоб
jacobus, якобус
jacobus, յակոբ
jacopo, jacques
jacopo, якопо
jacopo, јакопо
jacopo, յակոպո
jacque, жак
jacques, jak
jacques, jakab
jacques, jakob
jacques, jakub
jacques, james
jacques, jaques
jacques, jaume
jacques, jules
jacques, zakas
jacques, zhak
jacques, ζακ
jacques, жак
jacques, якоб
jacques, яков
jacques, ժակ
jacques, ჟაკ
jacquet, jaquet
jadranka, ядранка
jadranka, јадранка
jaeger, jager
jaeger, jæger
jafar, джафар
jafar, ջաֆար
jaffe, яффе
jagello, jagellon
jagello, jagellona
jagello, jagellonska
jagello, ягеллонка
jagello, յագելլոնկա
jagellon, jagellona
jagellon, jagellonska
jagellon, ягеллонка
jagellon, ягелонка
jagellon, յագելլոնկա
jagellona, jagellonska
jagellona, ягеллонка
jagellona, ягелонка
jagellona, յագելլոնկա
jagellonska, ягеллонка
jagellonska, ягелонка
jagellonska, յագելլոնկա
jager, ягер
jagoda, јагода
jahja, yahya
jahja, яхья
jakab, jakob
jakab, jakub
jakab, james
jakab, jaume
jakab, jokubas
jakab, якоб
jakab, ջեյմս
jake, jakob
jake, john
jake, џејк
jake, ջեյք
jakob, jakobus
jakob, jakov
jakob, jakow
jakob, jakub
jakob, james
jakob, jaume
jakob, jokubas
jakob, yaacov
jakob, yaakov
jakob, yakov
jakob, яаков
jakob, якоб
jakob, яков
jakob, якуб
jakob, јакоб
jakob, јаков
jakob, յակոբ
jakob, ջեյմս
jakobs, якобс
jakobsen, якобсен
jakobson, yakobson
jakobson, якобсон
jakobsson, якобссон
jakov, jakow
jakov, yakov
jakov, яков
jakov, јаков
jakov, յակով
jakovenko, jakowenko
jakovenko, yakovenko
jakovenko, яковенко
jakovlev, jakowlew
jakovlev, yakovlev
jakovlev, яковлев
jakovlev, яковлєв
jakovlev, յակովլեւ
jakovleva, yakovleva
jakovleva, яковлева
jakovlevna, yakovlevna
jakovlevna, яковлевна
jakow, yakov
jakow, яков
jakow, јаков
jakow, յակով
jakowenko, yakovenko
jakowenko, яковенко
jakowlew, yakovlev
jakowlew, яковлев
jakowlew, яковлєв
jakowlew, յակովլեւ
jaksa, якса
jakub, james
jakub, jaume
jakub, jokubas
jakub, kuba
jakub, yaqub
jakub, якоб
jakub, яков
jakub, якуб
jakub, јакоб
jakub, յակուբ
jakub, ջեյմս
jakub, ჟაკ
jakymenko, yakymenko
jale, жале
jaled, khaled
jalocha, jałocha
jamada, yamada
jamada, ямада
jamada, јамада
jamamoto, yamamoto
jamamoto, ямамото
james, jamesova
james, jaume
james, seumas
james, thomas
james, џемс
james, џејмс
james, ջեյմս
jampal, jampel
jan, janas
jan, janek
jan, janet
jan, janez
jan, janne
jan, janos
jan, janus
jan, janusz
jan, jean
jan, jehan
jan, jenda
jan, joan
jan, joann
jan, joannes
jan, joannesz
jan, joao
jan, johan
jan, johann
jan, johannes
jan, john
jan, jonas
jan, juan
jan, juhana
jan, khan
jan, lea
jan, xuan
jan, yan
jan, ζαν
jan, του
jan, φαν
jan, джон
jan, жан
jan, фон
jan, хан
jan, хуан
jan, янош
jan, януш
jan, јан
jan, јанош
jan, јован
jan, јохан
jan, ժան
jan, յան
jan, յոհան
jan, ჟან
jana, jane
jana, jeanne
jana, joan
jana, joana
jana, joanna
jana, johanna
jana, juana
jana, xuana
jana, yana
jana, жана
jana, жанна
jana, ульяна
jana, хуана
jana, яна
jana, јана
jana, յանա
jana, ჟანა
janczuk, yanchuk
janczuk, янчук
jane, jeanne
jane, joana
jane, johanna
jane, џејн
jane, ջեյն
janek, янек
janet, jannet
janet, jonet
janet, jonnet
janet, τζανετ
janet, джанет
janet, жанет
janet, џенет
janet, ջանեթ
janev, janew
janev, янев
janew, янев
janez, janos
janez, jean
janez, joan
janez, joannes
janez, joao
janez, johann
janez, johannes
janez, john
janez, jonas
janez, juan
janez, lea
janez, xuan
janez, янез
janez, јанез
janez, јован
jang, jung
jang, yang
janka, янка
janko, yanko
janko, янко
janko, јанко
jankov, jankow
jankov, yankov
jankov, янков
jankow, янков
jankowa, yankova
jann, янн
janna, zanna
janna, zhanna
janna, zjanna
janna, жанна
jannasch, яннаш
janne, янне
jano, яно
janos, jean
janos, joan
janos, joannes
janos, joao
janos, johan
janos, johann
janos, johannes
janos, john
janos, jonas
janos, juan
janos, juhana
janos, lea
janos, xuan
janos, жан
janos, фон
janos, хуан
janos, янош
janos, јан
janos, јанош
janos, јован
janos, јохан
janos, յանոշ
janos, ჟან
janos, ხუან
janov, янов
jansa, янша
jansen, janssen
jansen, янсен
jansen, јансен
jansen, յանսեն
janson, янсон
janssen, janßen
janssen, янсен
janssen, янссен
janssens, янсенс
janssens, янссенс
jansson, янсон
jansson, янссон
jansz, janszoon
janukowytsch, yanukovych
janus, янус
janusz, jonusas
janusz, януш
janusz, յանուշ
japan, эзэн
jaque, жак
jara, хара
jarcev, jarzew
jarcev, ярцев
jared, τζαρεντ
jared, джаред
jared, жаред
jared, џаред
jared, ջարեդ
jared, ჯარედ
jaremtschuk, yaremchuk
jaremtschuk, яремчук
jarkko, яркко
jarl, ярл
jarmo, ярмо
jarnefelt, ярнефельт
jarno, ярно
jaros, ярош
jaroslav, jaroslaw
jaroslav, jaroszlav
jaroslav, jarosław
jaroslav, yaroslav
jaroslav, ярослав
jaroslav, јарослав
jaroslav, յարոսլավ
jaroslava, jaroslawa
jaroslava, yaroslava
jaroslava, ярослава
jaroslava, јарослава
jaroslava, յարոսլավա
jaroslavtsev, ярославцев
jaroslaw, jaroszlav
jaroslaw, jarosław
jaroslaw, yaroslav
jaroslaw, ярослав
jaroslaw, յարոսլավ
jaroslawa, yaroslava
jaroslawa, ярослава
jaroszlav, jarosław
jaroszlav, yaroslav
jaroszlav, ярослав
jarosław, yaroslav
jarosław, ярослав
jarosław, յարոսլավ
jarre, жарр
jarzew, yartsev
jarzew, ярцев
jasa, яша
jascha, яша
jaskula, jaskuła
jasna, ясна
jasna, јасна
jason, џејсон
jason, ջեյսոն
jaspar, jasper
jasper, яспер
jasper, ջասպեր
jasuo, yasuo
jasuo, ясуо
jasur, жасур
jaszuda, yasuda
jaszuda, ясуда
jaszuo, yasuo
jaume, jokubas
jaume, жауме
jaume, хауме
jaume, ջեյմս
javadyan, ջավադյան
jawor, явор
jay, john
jay, џеј
jay, ջեյ
jazenko, яценко
jazep, jozef
jazep, язеп
jdanov, zdanow
jdanov, zhdanov
jdanov, zjdanov
jdanov, жданов
jean, jeane
jean, jeanne
jean, jeff
jean, jehan
jean, jeune
jean, joan
jean, joannes
jean, joannesz
jean, joao
jean, johan
jean, johann
jean, johannes
jean, john
jean, jonas
jean, juan
jean, juhana
jean, lea
jean, rene
jean, xuan
jean, yann
jean, zan
jean, zanas
jean, ζαν
jean, του
jean, жан
jean, жуан
jean, фон
jean, хуан
jean, янош
jean, јан
jean, јован
jean, јохан
jean, ժան
jean, յան
jean, յոհան
jean, ჟან
jean, ჟუან
jean, ჯან
jeanette, jeannette
jeanette, жанетт
jeanne, joan
jeanne, joana
jeanne, joanna
jeanne, johana
jeanne, johanna
jeanne, juana
jeanne, xuana
jeanne, ζαν
jeanne, жана
jeanne, жанна
jeanne, фон
jeanne, хуана
jeanne, јована
jeanne, ժաննա
jeanne, ჟანა
jeanne, ხუანა
jechezkel, yehezkel
jef, joseph
jef, jozef
jeferson, jefferson
jeff, jeffery
jeff, jeffrey
jeff, τζεφ
jeff, джеф
jeff, джефф
jeff, џеф
jeff, ջեֆ
jeff, ჯეფ
jefferson, джефферсон
jefferson, жефферсон
jefferson, џеферсон
jefferson, ջեֆերսոն
jeffery, jeffrey
jeffrey, jeffry
jeffrey, џеф
jeffrey, ջեֆ
jefrem, ефрем
jefrem, јефрем
jefremov, ефремов
jefremowa, ефремова
jefremowa, єфремова
jegor, yegor
jegor, егор
jegor, єгор
jegorov, jegorow
jegorov, yegorov
jegorov, егоров
jegorova, jegorowa
jegorova, yegorova
jegorova, егорова
jegorova, єгорова
jegorow, yegorov
jegorow, егоров
jegorowa, yegorova
jegorowa, егорова
jegorowa, єгорова
jehan, johann
jehan, john
jehan, жан
jehor, yehor
jehor, егор
jehor, єгор
jehoschua, jehosua
jehoschua, joshua
jehoschua, yehoshua
jehosua, yehoshua
jehuda, juda
jehuda, judah
jehuda, yehuda
jehuda, yehudah
jekabs, екабс
jelena, lena
jelena, olena
jelena, ołena
jelena, yelena
jelena, γελενα
jelena, ελενα
jelena, ελενη
jelena, елена
jelena, олена
jelena, єлена
jelena, јелена
jelena, ելենա
jelena, ელენა
jelovsek, еловшек
jemal, ჯემალ
jemeljanov, yemelyanov
jemeljanov, емельянов
jemma, ջեմմա
jen, yan
jenner, дженнер
jenner, џенер
jenner, ջեններ
jeno, ене
jeno, єне
jens, γενς
jens, єнс
jens, јенс
jens, ենս
jens, յենս
jensen, jensenova
jensen, енсен
jensen, єнсен
jensen, јенсен
jensen, ենսեն
jensen, յենսեն
jeong, jung
jeong, ջոնգ
jeorjos, јоргос
jerdev, zherdev
jerdev, жердев
jeremejew, yeremeyev
jeremejew, еремеев
jerjomenko, yeryomenko
jerjomenko, еременко
jerjomenko, єременко
jerlan, ерлан
jermak, ермак
jermak, єрмак
jermakov, jermakow
jermakov, yermakov
jermakov, ермаков
jermakova, yermakova
jermakova, ермакова
jermakow, yermakov
jermakow, ермаков
jerman, јерман
jermek, ермек
jermolajew, yermolayev
jermolajew, ермолаев
jermolajewa, ермолаева
jermolov, yermolov
jermolov, ермолов
jermołajew, ермолаев
jeroen, ерун
jerofejew, ерофеев
jerome, jerry
jerome, ζερομ
jerome, жером
jerschow, yershov
jerschow, ершов
jerschow, єршов
jersjov, yershov
jersjov, ершов
jersjov, єршов
jerszow, ершов
jerusalem, jerusalen
jerusalem, jeruzalem
jerusalen, jeruzalem
jervand, ерванд
jervand, երվանդ
jerzy, jorge
jerzy, seoras
jerzy, yrjo
jerzy, георг
jerzy, џорџ
jerzy, գեորգ
jerzy, ჯორჯ
jesco, jesko
jesper, еспер
jesper, єспер
jespersen, есперсен
jess, jessen
jesse, ջես
jesu, jesus
jesus, jezus
jesus, jezusa
jesus, jose
jesus, xesus
jesus, жезус
jesus, жезуш
jesus, хесус
jesus, խեսուս
jety, khety
jeune, jongere
jeune, jove
jeune, jovem
jeune, joven
jeune, jungere
jeune, lejeune
jeune, tanar
jeune, young
jeune, younger
jevgenjevna, jevgenyjevna
jevgenjevna, yevgenyevna
jevgenjevna, евгеньевна
jevgenyjevna, евгеньевна
jevhen, jewhen
jevhen, yevhen
jevhen, євген
jevsejev, yevseyev
jevsejev, евсеев
jevtusjenko, евтушенко
jewhen, yevhen
jewhen, євген
jezek, ежек
jhon, john
jhonny, johnny
joan, joana
joan, joanna
joan, joannes
joan, joannesz
joan, joao
joan, johan
joan, johana
joan, johann
joan, johanna
joan, johannes
joan, john
joan, jonas
joan, juan
joan, juana
joan, juhana
joan, lea
joan, xuan
joan, xuana
joan, ζαν
joan, ζοαν
joan, τζαν
joan, τζοαν
joan, του
joan, χουαν
joan, джоан
joan, жан
joan, жана
joan, жанна
joan, жоан
joan, жуан
joan, фон
joan, хоан
joan, хуан
joan, јован
joan, јохан
joan, џоан
joan, џоун
joan, յոհան
joan, ջոան
joan, ჟან
joan, ჟანა
joan, ჟოან
joan, ხუან
joan, ჯოან
joana, joanna
joana, johana
joana, johanna
joana, juana
joana, xuana
joana, жана
joana, жанна
joana, жоана
joana, жуана
joana, фон
joana, хуана
joana, јована
joana, ჟანა
joana, ხუანა
joanna, joanne
joanna, johana
joanna, johanna
joanna, juana
joanna, xuana
joanna, жана
joanna, жанна
joanna, хуана
joanna, јована
joanna, ჟანა
joanne, ջոան
joannes, johann
joannes, johannes
joannes, john
joannes, жан
joannesz, joao
joannesz, johannes
joannesz, john
joannesz, jonas
joannesz, juan
joannesz, lea
joannesz, јован
joao, johan
joao, johann
joao, johannes
joao, john
joao, jonas
joao, juan
joao, juhana
joao, lea
joao, xuan
joao, ζοαο
joao, του
joao, жан
joao, жоао
joao, жоау
joao, жуан
joao, фон
joao, хоао
joao, хуан
joao, јован
joao, јохан
joao, ժուան
joao, յոհան
joao, ჟან
joao, ჟუან
joao, ხუან
joasaph, joazaf
jobst, joost
jochanan, johanan
jock, john
jocko, john
joe, joel
joe, joey
joe, john
joe, jose
joel, жоел
joel, жоель
joel, жоэл
joel, жоэль
joel, хоэль
joel, џоел
joel, ջոել
joel, ჯოელ
joerg, jorg
joern, jorn
jofre, жоффруа
joh, johann
johan, johanas
johan, johann
johan, johannes
johan, john
johan, jonas
johan, juan
johan, juhan
johan, juhana
johan, xuan
johan, του
johan, жан
johan, жуан
johan, фон
johan, хуан
johan, юган
johan, юхан
johan, јан
johan, јован
johan, јохан
johan, յոհան
johan, յուհան
johan, ჟან
johan, ჟუან
johan, ხუან
johana, johanna
johana, juana
johana, xuana
johana, жана
johana, жанна
johana, јована
johana, ჟანა
johanas, johann
johanesas, johannes
johann, johannes
johann, john
johann, jonas
johann, juan
johann, juhana
johann, xuan
johann, του
johann, жан
johann, фон
johann, хуан
johann, юхан
johann, янош
johann, јован
johann, јохан
johann, յան
johann, յոհան
johann, ჟან
johanna, johanne
johanna, juana
johanna, xuana
johanna, жана
johanna, жанна
johanna, фон
johanna, хуана
johanna, јохана
johanna, յոհաննա
johanna, ჟანა
johannes, john
johannes, jonas
johannes, juan
johannes, juhan
johannes, lea
johannes, xuan
johannes, χανς
johannes, ганс
johannes, жан
johannes, фон
johannes, ханс
johannes, јован
johannes, јохан
johannes, јоханес
johannes, յոհան
johannes, յոհանես
johannes, յոհաննես
johannesen, johannessen
johannsson, յոհանսոն
johanson, johansson
johanson, юханссон
johansson, юганссон
johansson, юханссон
johansson, јохансон
johansson, յոհանսոն
john, johnny
john, jon
john, jonas
john, juan
john, juhana
john, lea
john, man
john, sean
john, tony
john, xuan
john, τζον
john, τζων
john, του
john, джек
john, джон
john, жан
john, жон
john, фон
john, хуан
john, янош
john, јован
john, јохан
john, џек
john, џон
john, ժան
john, յոհան
john, ջեք
john, ջոն
john, ჟან
john, ჯეკ
john, ჯონ
johnny, johny
johnny, jonny
johnny, juan
johns, ջոնս
johnson, johnsonova
johnson, johnston
johnson, τζονσον
johnson, джонсон
johnson, джонсън
johnson, жонсон
johnson, џонсон
johnson, ջոնսոն
johnsson, юнссон
johnst, johnston
johnston, johnstone
joko, yoko
joko, youko
joko, еко
jokojama, yokoyama
jokojama, екояма
jokojama, јокојама
jokubas, яков
jokubas, якуб
jolan, jolanta
jolan, yolande
jolanda, jolanta
jolanda, yolanda
jolanda, yolande
jolanta, yolanda
jolanta, yolande
jon, jonny
jon, juan
jon, yon
jon, τζον
jon, джон
jon, хон
jon, џон
jon, ջոն
jon, ჯონ
jona, yona
jonae, jonæ
jonas, jonasz
jonas, juan
jonas, juhana
jonas, lea
jonas, xuan
jonas, yonas
jonas, жонас
jonas, юнас
jonas, јован
jonas, јонас
jonas, џонас
jonas, յան
jonas, յոնաս
jonas, ջոնաս
jonasson, юнассон
jonatan, jonathan
jonathan, ζοναταν
jonathan, τζοναθαν
jonathan, джонатан
jonathan, жонатан
jonathan, хонатан
jonathan, џонатан
jonathan, ժոնաթան
jonathan, ջոնաթան
jonathan, ջոնատան
jonathan, ჯონათან
jones, jonesova
jones, τζοουνς
jones, джонс
jones, джоунс
jones, жонс
jones, џонс
jones, џоунс
jones, ջոնս
jong, yeong
jong, yong
jong, young
jong, յոնգ
jonge, younger
jongere, jungere
jongere, yngre
jongere, younger
jonsson, юнссон
jonusas, януш
joon, jun
joon, ջուն
joong, jung
joosef, jose
joosef, josef
joosef, josep
joosef, joseph
joosef, jozef
joosef, jozsef
joost, josse
jord, jordan
jorda, хорда
jordan, jordanus
jordan, yordan
jordan, τζορνταν
jordan, джордан
jordan, жордан
jordan, хордан
jordan, јордан
jordan, џордан
jordan, յորդան
jordan, ջորդան
jordanka, yordanka
jordanov, yordanov
jordanova, jordanowa
jordanova, yordanova
jordanova, јорданова
jordanowa, yordanova
jorg, jørg
jorge, seoras
jorge, yrjo
jorge, χορχε
jorge, георг
jorge, գեորգ
jorge, ջորջ
jorge, ხორხე
jorge, ჯორჯ
jorgos, jorgosz
jorgos, yorgos
jorgos, јоргос
jorgos, յորգոս
jorn, jørn
jos, jose
jos, josef
jos, joseph
jos, jozef
jos, lan
jose, josee
jose, josef
jose, josep
jose, joseph
jose, josse
jose, joxe
jose, jozef
jose, jozsef
jose, juan
jose, xose
jose, zeze
jose, ζοζε
jose, χοσε
jose, жозе
jose, жозеп
jose, жозеф
jose, хозе
jose, хорхе
jose, хосе
jose, хосеп
jose, ժոզե
jose, խոսե
jose, ხოსე
joseba, хосеба
josee, жозе
josef, josep
josef, joseph
josef, josephus
josef, jozef
josef, jozsef
josef, xose
josef, yosef
josef, жозеф
josef, юзеф
josef, јозеф
josef, јосеф
josef, ժոզեֆ
josef, յոզեֆ
josef, յոսեֆ
josef, ջոզեֆ
josefa, josepa
josefa, josepha
josefa, josephe
josefa, jozefa
josefa, жозефа
josefa, хосефа
josefa, јозефа
josefus, josephus
joseon, чосона
josep, joseph
josep, jozef
josep, jozsef
josep, xose
josep, ζοζεπ
josep, жозеп
josep, жозеф
josep, жосеп
josep, хозе
josep, хосе
josep, хосеп
josepa, josepha
josepa, jozefa
joseph, josephus
joseph, jozef
joseph, jozsef
joseph, xose
joseph, yosef
joseph, youssef
joseph, yusuf
joseph, ζοζεφ
joseph, τζοζεφ
joseph, джозеф
joseph, джоузеф
joseph, жозе
joseph, жозеф
joseph, юзеф
joseph, юсуф
joseph, јозеф
joseph, јосеф
joseph, џозеф
joseph, ժոզեֆ
joseph, յոզեֆ
joseph, յոսեֆ
joseph, ջոզեֆ
joseph, ჟოზეფ
joseph, ჯოზეფ
josepha, jozefa
josepha, јозефа
josephe, jozefa
josephus, jozef
josh, joshua
josh, ջոշ
joshua, josua
joshua, ջոշ
joshua, ջոշուա
joshua, ჯოშუა
josu, хосу
josuke, yosuke
josuke, yousuke
josuke, есукэ
joszano, yosano
joszano, есано
joszef, jozsef
jotaro, joutarou
jou, zhu
jouko, юко
joukov, zhukov
joukov, zsukov
joukov, жуков
jourdan, журдан
jovan, јован
jovana, јована
jovanka, јованка
jove, jovem
jove, joven
jove, tanar
jovellanos, xovellanos
jovellanos, ховельянос
jovem, joven
jovo, јово
joy, ջոյ
joyce, ջոյս
joza, јожа
joze, jozef
joze, јоже
jozef, jozefas
jozef, jozsef
jozef, juozas
jozef, juzefas
jozef, xose
jozef, жозеф
jozef, юзеф
jozef, јожеф
jozef, јозеф
jozef, ժոզեֆ
jozef, յոզեֆ
jozef, յուզեֆ
jozefa, жозефа
jozefa, юзефа
jozsef, јожеф
jozsef, јозеф
jozsef, յոժեֆ
juan, juanma
juan, juhana
juan, lea
juan, xuan
juan, yuan
juan, του
juan, χουαν
juan, жан
juan, жоан
juan, жуан
juan, фон
juan, хуан
juan, юхан
juan, јован
juan, јохан
juan, џон
juan, խուան
juan, յան
juan, ჟან
juan, ხუან
juana, xuana
juana, жана
juana, жанна
juana, хуана
juana, јована
juana, ჟანა
juana, ხუანა
juarez, хуарес
juda, judah
juda, judas
juda, judes
juda, yehuda
juda, юда
juda, јуда
judah, yehuda
judas, judes
judas, юда
judas, јуда
judes, юда
judes, јуда
juel, юль
juerg, jurg
juergen, jurgen
juergen, юрген
juha, юга
juha, юха
juhan, юган
juhan, юхан
juhana, lea
juhana, xuan
juhana, жан
juhana, юхан
juhana, јован
juhana, јохан
juhana, ჟან
juhasz, юхас
juho, юхо
juja, yuuya
juja, yuya
juka, yuka
juka, юка
jukka, юкка
juko, yuko
juko, юко
jul, julo
julevna, юльевна
jumasev, jumasjev
jun, junya
jun, tuan
jun, zhu
jun, цзюнь
jun, чун
june, џун
jung, jungwoo
jung, юнг
jung, ջոնգ
junge, юнге
junger, юнгер
jungere, yngre
jungere, younger
junker, юнкер
junus, yunus
junus, юнус
junzo, junzou
juozapas, juozas
juozas, юозас
juozas, յուոզաս
jupp, юпп
jurado, хурадо
juraj, јурај
juras, юрас
jurcenko, yurchenko
jure, юре
jurek, юрек
jurev, юрьев
jurevna, jurjevna
jurevna, jurjewna
jurevna, yuryevna
jurevna, юрьевна
jurg, юрг
jurgen, rgen
jurgen, юрген
jurgen, յուրգեն
jurgens, юргенс
jurgensen, юргенсен
jurgenson, юргенсон
jurjev, yuryev
jurjev, юрьев
jurjevna, jurjewna
jurjevna, yuryevna
jurjevna, юрьевна
jurjew, yuryev
jurjew, юрьев
jurjewna, yuryevna
jurjewna, юрьевна
juro, jurou
juro, juurou
jurtschenko, yurchenko
jurtschenko, юрченко
jurtsjenko, yurchenko
jurtsjenko, юрченко
jury, yury
jusoepov, юсупов
jussupow, jusupov
jussupow, yusupov
jussupow, юсупов
jussupowa, yusupova
jussupowa, юсупова
just, юст
juste, жюст
juste, хусте
justo, хусто
justus, юстус
jusuf, youssef
jusuf, yusuf
jusuf, юсуф
jusuf, јусуф
jusupov, yusupov
jusupov, юсупов
jusupow, юсупов
juszef, youssef
juta, jutta
juta, юта
jutaka, yutaka
jutaka, ютака
juto, yuto
juto, yuuto
juto, юто
jutta, юта
jutta, ютта
juuzou, juzo
juval, yuval
juval, юваль
juvenal, жувенал
juzo, yuuzou
juzo, yuzo
juzo, юдзо
kaarle, kalle
kaarle, karel
kaarle, karl
kaarle, karol
kaarle, karoly
kaarle, καρολος
kaarle, карл
kaarle, карло
kaarle, шарл
kaarle, կառլ
kaarle, կարլ
kaarle, շառլ
kaarle, კარლ
kaarle, შარლ
kaarlo, kalle
kabakov, кабаков
kabakow, кабаков
kabanov, kabanow
kabanov, кабанов
kabanow, кабанов
kachaber, kakhaber
kachaber, кахабер
kacho, kachou
kacho, кате
kachou, кате
kaczmarek, качмарек
kadokawa, кадокава
kaeso, кезо
kaeso, кезон
kaeso, цезон
kagan, khan
kagan, qaghan
kagan, хан
kaganov, kaganow
kaganov, каганов
kaganow, каганов
kagawa, кагава
kageura, кагэура
kageyama, кагэяма
kajetan, kajetonas
kajetan, каетан
kakabadze, какабадзе
kakabadze, კაკაბაძე
kakazu, какадзу
kakhaber, кахабер
kakuzo, kakuzou
kakuzo, какудзо
kakuzou, какудзо
kaladze, კალაძე
kalandadze, კალანდაძე
kalchev, калчев
kalle, karl
kalle, калле
kalogeropoulos, καλογεροπουλος
kalojan, калоян
kaloyan, калоян
kamateros, καματηρος
kamenskaja, kamenskaya
kamenskaja, каменская
kamenskaya, каменская
kan, khan
kan, χαν
kan, кан
kan, хан
kanazawa, канадзава
kanba, камба
kanbara, камбара
kanbe, камбэ
kang, kchang
kang, кан
kantakouzenos, kantakuzen
kantakouzenos, kantakuzenos
kantakouzenos, καντακουζηνος
kantakuzen, kantakuzenos
kantakuzen, καντακουζηνος
kantakuzenos, καντακουζηνος
kanze, кандзэ
kanzo, кандзо
kapanadse, kapanadze
kapanadze, капанадзе
kapanadze, კაპანაძე
karamchakova, karamczakowa
karamchakova, karamtschakowa
karamchakova, karamtshakova
karamczakowa, karamtschakowa
karamczakowa, karamtshakova
karamtschakowa, karamtshakova
karapetjan, karapetyan
karapetjan, карапетян
karapetjan, կարապետյան
karapetyan, карапетян
karapetyan, կարապետյան
karasawa, карасава
karasek, каразек
karasjov, карасев
karassjow, карасев
karasyov, карасев
karatajev, каратаев
karatajew, karatayev
karatajew, каратаев
karatayev, каратаев
karavaev, karavajev
karavaev, karavayev
karavajev, karavayev
karavajev, karawajew
karavajev, караваев
karavayev, karawajew
karavayev, караваев
karawajew, караваев
karawajew, караваєв
karel, karl
karel, karol
karel, karoly
karel, καρολος
karel, карл
karel, карло
karel, карлос
karel, шарл
karel, шарль
karel, կառլ
karel, կարլ
karel, շառլ
karel, კარლ
karel, კარლო
karel, შარლ
karl, karlas
karl, karol
karl, karoly
karl, kurt
karl, καρλ
karl, καρολος
karl, карл
karl, карло
karl, карлос
karl, чарльз
karl, шарл
karl, шарль
karl, կառլ
karl, կարլ
karl, շառլ
karl, კარლ
karl, კარლო
karl, შარლ
karlas, καρλ
karlas, карл
karlas, կարլ
karlas, კარლ
karlovna, karlowna
karlowa, карлова
karnaoechov, карнаухов
karol, karoly
karol, καρολος
karol, карл
karol, карло
karol, карлос
karol, шарл
karol, шарль
karol, կառլ
karol, կարլ
karol, շառլ
karol, კარლ
karol, კარლო
karol, შარლ
karoly, καρολος
karoly, карл
karoly, карло
karoly, карлос
karoly, шарл
karoly, шарль
karoly, կառլ
karoly, կարլ
karoly, շառլ
karoly, კარლ
karoly, კარლო
karoly, შარლ
karpov, karpow
karpov, карпов
karpova, karpowa
karpova, карпова
karpow, карпов
karpowa, карпова
karst, karsten
kartashov, kartasjov
kartashov, карташов
kartasjov, карташов
kartsev, карцев
kasakow, kazakov
kasakow, казаков
kasakowa, kazakova
kasakowa, казакова
kasjanow, kasyanov
kasjanow, касьянов
kaspars, каспар
kasyanov, касьянов
kataev, katajew
katajev, katayev
katajev, катаев
katajew, katayev
katajew, катаев
katarzyna, kotryna
katayev, катаев
kate, kathe
kathe, кете
katja, katya
katja, катя
kato, katou
kats, kaz
kats, кац
katsyaryna, kazjaryna
katya, катя
katzenelnbogen, катценелнбоген
katzenelson, каценельсон
kavanagh, кавана
kavanagh, кэвэна
kavtaradze, kawtaradse
kavtaradze, кавтарадзе
kavtaradze, ქავთარაძე
kawa, кава
kawabata, кавабата
kawabe, кавабэ
kawada, кавада
kawagoe, кавагоэ
kawahara, кавахара
kawakubo, кавакубо
kawamata, кавамата
kawamoto, кавамото
kawamura, кавамура
kawana, кавана
kawanabe, каванабэ
kawanaka, каванака
kawano, кавано
kawase, кавасэ
kawata, кавата
kawate, каватэ
kawato, кавато
kawazoe, кавадзоэ
kawazu, кавадзу
kawtaradse, кавтарадзе
kaz, кац
kazak, казак
kazakov, kazakow
kazakov, казаков
kazakova, казакова
kazakow, казаков
kazama, кадзама
kazan, καζαν
kazan, кадзан
kazan, казан
kazantsev, казанцев
kazantseva, казанцева
kazarjan, казарян
kazato, кадзато
kazbek, казбек
kazem, казем
kazhdan, каждан
kazu, кадзу
kazue, кадзуэ
kazuharu, кадзухару
kazuho, кадзухо
kazuja, kazuya
kazuja, кадзуя
kazuko, кадзуко
kazuma, кадзума
kazumasa, кадзумаса
kazuna, кадзуна
kazuno, кадзуно
kazunobu, кадзунобу
kazuo, кадзуо
kazuo, казуо
kazuo, кацуо
kazusa, кадзуса
kazutaka, кадзутака
kazuteru, кадзутэру
kazuto, кадзуто
kazutomo, кадзутомо
kazuya, кадзуя
kazuya, казуя
kazuyasu, кадзуясу
kazuyo, кадзуе
kazım, кязым
kees, кес
kegel, кегель
kejsare, цар
kelemen, klemen
kelemen, klemens
kelemen, klemensas
kelemen, klement
kelemen, κλημης
kelemen, კლემენტ
kelly, kellyova
ken, kenneth
ken, κεν
ken, κενεθ
ken, кен
ken, кенет
ken, кеннет
ken, քեն
kenn, kennedy
kennedy, κεννεντυ
kenneth, kenny
kenneth, κενεθ
kenneth, κεννεθ
kenneth, кен
kenneth, кенет
kenneth, кеннет
kenneth, քեն
kenneth, քենեթ
kenneth, քեննեթ
kenneth, კენეთ
kenny, кеннет
kensho, кэнсе
kenzaburo, кэндзабуро
kenzo, kenzou
kenzo, кендзо
kenzo, кензо
kenzo, кэндзо
kenzou, кендзо
kenzou, кэндзо
keosajan, keosayan
keosajan, кеосаян
keosajan, քեոսայան
keosayan, кеосаян
keosayan, քեոսայան
kershaw, кершоу
kertesz, кертес
ketcham, кечэм
ketevan, кетеван
ketevan, քեթեւան
ketevan, ქეთევან
keulen, koln
kevork, գեւորգ
khaan, khan
khaan, хан
khabarov, хабаров
khachatryan, хачатрян
khachatryan, խաչատրյան
khachatur, хачатур
khachatur, խաչատուր
khadem, хадем
khaeremon, queremo
khaeremon, херемон
khaled, халед
khaled, խալեդ
khama, хама
khamzat, хамзат
khan, qaghan
khan, χαν
khan, кан
khan, кхан
khan, хаан
khan, хан
khan, խան
khan, ხან
khanna, ханна
khanum, ханум
kharchenko, харченко
kharlamov, харламов
khasan, хасан
khasanov, хасанов
khattab, хатаб
khattab, хаттаб
khatun, хатун
khatuna, хатуна
khaustov, хаустов
khazar, хазар
khmara, хмара
khmelyov, хмелев
khokhlov, хохлов
kholmogorov, холмогоров
kholodov, холодов
khoma, хома
khomenko, хоменко
khomutov, хомутов
khomyakov, хомяков
khoren, хорен
khoren, խորեն
khosrau, khosro
khosrov, хосров
khosrov, խոսրով
khramov, храмов
khudjakov, khudyakov
khudjakov, худяков
khudyakov, худяков
khugayev, хугаев
khusraw, хосров
khvostov, хвостов
khyentse, кхьенце
kjell, хьель
kjell, челль
kjellberg, чельберг
kleef, kleve
kleef, клеве
klemen, klemens
klemen, klemensas
klemen, klement
klemen, κλημης
klemen, კლემენტ
klemens, klemensas
klemens, klement
klemens, κλημης
klemens, клеменс
klemens, клемент
klemens, კლემენტ
klemensas, klement
klemensas, κλημης
klemensas, клеменс
klemensas, კლემენტ
klement, κλημης
klement, კლემენტ
kleomenes, клеомен
kleovoulos, κλεοβουλος
kleve, klevska
kleve, κλεβης
kleve, клеве
kleve, клевская
klevska, клеве
klevska, клевская
kljuev, клюев
kljujev, klyuyev
kljujev, клюев
klochko, клочко
klos, kłos
klose, клозе
kluge, клуге
kluge, клюге
kluger, клугер
klujew, клюев
klyuyev, клюев
knez, кнез
knjasew, князев
knjazev, knyazev
knjazev, князев
knoet, knud
knoet, knut
knoet, кнуд
knud, knut
knud, кнуд
knut, knutas
knut, кнуд
knut, кнут
knutas, кнут
knuth, кнут
knuth, կնուտ
knuut, κνουτος
knyazev, князев
knyazev, князєв
knyazeva, князева
kobayakawa, кобаякава
kobozev, кобозев
kobursko, кобург
kobzar, кобзарь
kobzarev, кобзарев
kobzev, кобзев
koca, коджа
koca, коџа
koca, ქოჯა
koch, kochova
koch, κοχ
koch, кох
koch, կոխ
kochan, кохан
kocharyan, кочарян
kocharyan, քոչարյան
kochetkova, кочеткова
kochetova, кочетова
kochova, кох
koech, коэч
koedrjasjov, кудряшов
koedrjavtsev, kudrjavtsev
koedrjavtsev, kudryavtsev
koedrjavtsev, кудрявцев
koehler, kohlerova
koelesjov, kuleshov
koelesjov, кулешов
koenraad, konrad
koenraad, konradas
koenraad, κορραδος
koenraad, конрад
koenraad, կոնրադ
koenraad, კონრად
koetsjer, кучер
koetsjerov, кучеров
koezma, кузьма
koezmenko, кузьменко
koeznetsov, kouznetsov
koeznetsov, kusnezow
koeznetsov, kuznetsov
koeznetsov, κουζνετσοφ
koeznetsova, kusnezowa
koeznetsova, kuznetsova
kogawa, когава
kohen, коэн
kohut, когут
kokh, кох
kolar, коларж
kolarov, kolarow
kolarov, коларов
kolarow, коларов
kolcow, кольцов
kolesov, kolessow
kolesov, колесов
kolev, kolew
kolev, колев
koleva, kolewa
koleva, колева
kolew, колев
kolewa, колева
kolosov, kolossow
kolosov, колосов
kolovos, κολοβος
kolovrat, kolowrat
komarov, komarow
komarov, комаров
komarov, կոմարով
komarova, komarowa
komarova, комарова
komarow, комаров
komarow, կոմարով
komarowa, комарова
komnen, komnenos
komnen, κομνηνος
komnen, կոմնենոս
komnena, komnene
komnena, κομνηνη
komnene, κομνηνη
komnenos, κομνηνος
komnenos, կոմնենոս
kondakov, kondakow
kondakov, кондаков
kondakow, кондаков
kondraschow, kondrashov
kondraschow, кондрашов
kondrashov, кондрашов
kondratjev, kondratjew
kondratjev, кондратьев
kondratjew, kondratyev
kondratjew, кондратьев
kondratjewa, kondratyeva
kondratyev, кондратьев
kong, kung
kong, кун
konjus, конюс
kononov, kononow
kononov, кононов
kononov, կոնոնով
kononova, kononowa
kononova, кононова
kononow, кононов
kononowa, кононова
konovalov, konowalow
konovalov, коновалов
konowalow, коновалов
konrad, konradas
konrad, κονραντ
konrad, κορραδος
konrad, конрад
konrad, կոնրադ
konrad, კონრად
konradas, κονραντ
konradas, κορραδος
konradas, конрад
konradas, կոնրադ
konradas, კონრად
konstance, konstancja
konstance, констанца
konstancja, konstanze
konstancja, констанца
konstanz, констанц
konstanze, констанца
kopec, kopecas
kopylov, kopyłow
kopylov, копылов
korkmaz, коркмаз
kornbluth, корнблут
korneev, kornejev
korneev, корнеев
kornejev, корнеев
korobov, korobow
korobov, коробов
korobow, коробов
korol, koroleva
korolev, koroljow
korolev, королев
koroleva, koroljova
koroleva, koroljowa
koroleva, korolyova
koroleva, королева
koroljova, koroljowa
koroljova, korolyova
koroljova, королева
koroljow, королев
koroljowa, korolyova
koroljowa, королева
korolkov, korolkow
korolkov, корольков
korolkow, корольков
korolow, королев
korolyova, королева
korotaev, korotajev
korotaev, korotayev
korotaev, коротаев
korotajev, korotayev
korotajev, коротаев
korotayev, коротаев
korotejev, koroteyev
korotejev, коротеев
koroteyev, коротеев
korotkov, korotkow
korotkov, коротков
korotkow, коротков
korsak, korsakas
korsakoff, korsakov
korsakoff, korsakow
korsakoff, корсаков
korsakov, korsakow
korsakov, корсаков
korsakow, корсаков
korsch, korsh
korsch, корш
korsh, корш
korshuk, коршук
korshunov, korsjoenov
korshunov, korsjunov
korshunov, коршунов
korshunova, коршунова
korsjoenov, коршунов
korzun, корзун
koschelew, koshelev
koschelew, кошелев
koschljakow, кошляков
koselev, koshelev
koshel, kosjel
koshel, кошель
koshelev, kosjelev
koshelev, кошелев
kosho, косе
kosjel, кошель
kosjelev, кошелев
koslow, kozlov
koslow, kozłow
koslow, козлов
kosma, козьма
kostjantyn, kostyantyn
kostjuk, костюк
kostov, kostow
kostov, kosztov
kostov, костов
kostova, kostowa
kostova, костова
kostow, костов
kostowa, костова
kostyuchenko, костюченко
kosuge, косугэ
kosuke, kousuke
kosuke, косукэ
kosyrew, kozyrev
kosyrew, козырев
kosztov, костов
kotegawa, котэгава
kothen, κετεν
kothen, кетен
kothen, кьотен
kotov, kotow
kotov, котов
kotow, котов
kotowa, котова
kotsev, коцев
kotsjetkov, кочетков
kotzebue, коцебу
kousuke, косукэ
kouzmenko, кузьменко
kouznetsov, kusnezow
kouznetsov, kuznetsov
kouznetsova, kuznetsova
kouzou, kozo
kouzou, кодзо
kovac, kovacs
kovachev, ковачев
kovacs, ковач
kovacs, կովաչ
koval, kowal
koval, коваль
kovalchuk, kowalczuk
kovalchuk, kowaltschuk
kovalchuk, ковальчук
kovalenko, kowalenko
kovalenko, коваленко
kovalev, kovaljov
kovalev, kovalyov
kovalev, kowaljow
kovalev, kowalow
kovalev, ковалев
kovalev, ковальов
kovalevskaja, kovalevskaya
kovaljov, kovalyov
kovaljov, kowaljow
kovaljov, kowalow
kovaljov, ковалев
kovaljov, ковальов
kovalyov, kowaljow
kovalyov, kowalow
kovalyov, ковалев
kovalyov, ковальов
kovtun, kowtun
kovtun, ковтун
kowada, ковада
kowal, коваль
kowalczuk, kowaltschuk
kowalczuk, ковальчук
kowalenko, коваленко
kowaljow, kowalow
kowaljow, ковалев
kowaljow, ковальов
kowalow, ковалев
kowalow, ковальов
kowaltschuk, ковальчук
kowtun, ковтун
kozaburo, кодзабуро
kozak, козак
kozakura, кодзакура
kozan, кодзан
kozar, козар
kozeluh, κοζελουχ
kozlov, kozlovas
kozlov, kozłow
kozlov, κοζλοφ
kozlov, козлов
kozlov, կոզլով
kozlova, козлова
kozma, козма
kozma, козьма
kozo, кодзо
kozu, кодзу
kozue, кодзуэ
kozuka, кодзука
kozyrev, козырев
kozłow, козлов
kraft, крафт
krahe, крае
kralj, краль
kralj, краљ
krantz, крантц
kranz, кранц
kraoeze, краузе
krasnov, krasnow
krasnov, краснов
krasnow, краснов
krassus, крас
krassus, красс
krasteva, krastewa
krasteva, krystewa
krasteva, кръстева
krastjo, крсто
krastjo, кръстьо
krastjo, кръстю
krates, κρατης
krause, краузе
krauze, краузе
kravcenko, kravchenko
kravchenko, kravtsjenko
kravchenko, krawczenko
kravchenko, krawtschenko
kravchenko, кравченко
kravchuk, krawczuk
kravchuk, krawtschuk
kravchuk, кравчук
kravets, krawez
kravtchenko, кравченко
kravtsjenko, krawtschenko
kravtsjenko, кравченко
krawcow, кравцов
krawczenko, кравченко
krawczuk, кравчук
krawec, кравец
krawec, кравець
krawtschenko, кравченко
krawtschuk, кравчук
krjukov, krjukow
krjukov, kryukov
krjukov, крюков
krjukow, kryukov
krjukow, крюков
krueger, kruger
krueger, крюгер
kruger, κρουγκερ
kruger, крюгер
kruger, կրյուգեր
kruse, крузе
krylov, krylow
krylov, kryłow
krylov, крылов
krylow, крылов
kryuchkov, крючков
kryukov, крюков
kryłow, крылов
krzystof, krzysztof
ksaver, xaver
ksenofontov, ксенофонтов
kubanychbek, кубанычбек
kuchar, кухар
kucher, кучер
kucherenko, кучеренко
kucherov, kuczerow
kucherov, кучеров
kuchler, кюхлер
kuczerow, кучеров
kudashev, кудашев
kudrjasjov, kudryashov
kudrjasjov, кудряшов
kudrjavcev, kudrjavtsev
kudrjavcev, kudryavtsev
kudrjavcev, кудрявцев
kudrjavtsev, kudrjawzew
kudrjavtsev, kudryavtsev
kudrjavtsev, кудрявцев
kudrjawzew, kudryavtsev
kudrjawzew, кудрявцев
kudryashov, кудряшов
kudryavtsev, кудрявцев
kudryavtseva, кудрявцева
kuej, zhu
kuenzler, kunzler
kuge, кугэ
kulakov, кулаков
kuleshov, kulesjov
kuleshov, кулешов
kulesjov, кулешов
kulesza, кулеша
kuleszow, кулешов
kulmbach, kulmbasska
kulmbach, кулмбах
kulmbasska, кулмбах
kulthum, култум
kulthum, кульсум
kum, гым
kum, кум
kumazawa, кумадзава
kumm, kummer
kung, vuong
kung, гун
kung, кун
kunz, кунц
kunze, кунце
kunzel, кюнцель
kuo, quach
kupcow, купцов
kurasawa, курасава
kurbanov, kurbanow
kurbanov, курбанов
kurbanow, курбанов
kurbatov, kurbatow
kurbatov, курбатов
kurbatow, курбатов
kurdjumow, kurdyumov
kurdjumow, курдюмов
kurdyumov, курдюмов
kurokawa, курокава
kurosawa, куросава
kurt, курт
kurz, курц
kusakawa, кусакава
kushev, кушев
kushner, кушнер
kusma, kuzma
kusma, кузьма
kusnezow, kuznetsov
kusnezowa, kuznetsova
kustaa, γουσταυος
kustaa, густав
kutateladze, кутателадзе
kutepow, кутепов
kutrzeba, кутшеба
kutsenko, куценко
kutuzov, kutuzow
kutuzov, кутузов
kutuzow, кутузов
kuwabara, кувабара
kuwahara, кувахара
kuwano, кувано
kuwata, кувата
kuwayama, куваяма
kuz, kuzma
kuze, кудзэ
kuzma, кузьма
kuzma, կուզմա
kuzman, кузман
kuzmanov, кузманов
kuzmenko, кузьменко
kuznecov, kuznyecov
kuznecov, кузнецов
kuznecova, кузнецова
kuznecovova, кузнецова
kuznyecov, кузнецов
kuznyecov, կուզնեցով
kuzuhara, кудзухара
kuzyk, кузык
kułakow, кулаков
kwadrat, quadratus
kwak, квак
kwame, кваме
kwan, кван
kwok, квок
kwon, квон
kyung, ген
kyuzo, кюдзо
laba, łaba
labeo, labeon
labeo, labeone
labeo, лабеон
labeon, labeone
labeon, лабеон
labouchere, лабушер
lachm, lachmann
lachmann, лахман
laco, lacon
laden, λαντεν
laden, լադեն
lady, του
laenas, laenes
laenas, lenas
laenas, lenate
laenas, ленат
laenes, lenas
laenes, lenate
laenes, ленат
lagno, лагно
lagrange, лагранж
lajos, lea
lajos, лајош
lajos, луј
lajos, լայոշ
lakapenos, lecapene
lakapenos, lecapeno
lakapenos, lekapen
lakapenos, lekapenos
lakapenos, лекапенос
lakhdar, лахдар
lalajan, лалаян
lallemand, лаллеман
lallemant, лаллеман
lamb, лем
lambert, lambertus
lambert, λαμπερ
lambert, ламбер
lambert, ламберт
lambrecht, ламбрехт
lamprecht, лампрехт
lampsac, lampsaco
lampsac, lampsacus
lampsac, lampsakos
lampsac, λαμψακηνος
lampsaco, lampsacus
lampsaco, lampsakos
lampsaco, lampsaque
lampsaco, λαμψακηνος
lampsacus, lampsakos
lampsacus, lampsaque
lampsacus, λαμψακηνος
lampsakos, lampsaque
lampsakos, λαμψακηνος
lampsaque, λαμψακηνος
lando, landon
lando, landone
lando, ландо
landon, landone
landon, ландо
landone, ландо
lang, λανγκ
lang, ланг
lange, ланге
lange, ланж
langen, ланген
langenbourg, langenburg
langenbourg, лангенбург
langenbourg, лангенбургская
langenbourg, лангенбурзька
langenburg, лангенбург
langenburg, лангенбургская
langenburg, лангенбурзька
langer, лангер
langner, лангнер
lanskaja, lanskaya
lanskaja, ланская
lanskoj, lanskoy
lanz, ланц
lanza, ланца
laptev, лаптев
largo, largus
largo, ларг
largus, ларг
laroche, ларош
lars, lasse
larsson, larssonova
larysa, łarysa
lasa, lasha
lasa, лаша
lasa, ლაშა
lasalle, salle
lasar, lazar
lasar, łazar
lasar, лазар
lasar, лазарь
lasarenko, lazarenko
lasarenko, лазаренко
lasarew, lazarev
lasarew, лазарев
lasarewa, lazareva
lasarewa, лазарева
lasarow, lazarov
lasch, лаш
lasha, lasja
lasha, lasza
lasha, лаша
lasha, լաշա
lasha, ლაშა
lasja, лаша
laslo, laszlo
lasza, лаша
lasza, լաշա
laszlo, λαζλο
laszlo, ласло
laszlo, լասլո
latera, laterano
latera, lateranus
laterano, lateranus
latouche, touche
latour, tour
latrobe, trobe
latsjezar, лъчезар
latyshev, latysjev
latyshev, латышев
latysjev, латышев
laubach, лаубах
laubat, лоба
lauenbourg, lauenburg
lauenbourg, lauenburgo
lauenbourg, λαουενμπουρκ
lauenbourg, лауенбург
lauenbourg, лауэнбургская
lauenburg, lauenburgo
lauenburg, λαουενμπουρκ
lauenburg, лауенбург
lauenburgo, λαουενμπουρκ
lauenburgo, лауенбург
laurence, lawrence
laurens, laurent
laurent, lawrence
laurent, llorenc
laurent, lorenz
laurent, lorenzo
laurent, λοραν
laurent, λωραν
laurent, лоран
laurent, лорен
laurent, լորան
laurent, լորեն
laurent, ლორან
laval, λαβαλ
lavrentev, lavrentjev
lavrentev, lavrentyev
lavrentev, лаврентьев
lavrentjev, lavrentyev
lavrentjev, lawrentjew
lavrentjev, лаврентьев
lavrentyev, lawrentjew
lavrentyev, лаврентьев
lavrov, lawrow
lavrov, ławrow
lavrov, λαβροφ
lavrov, лавров
law, luo
law, лоу
lawrence, λορενς
lawrence, лоренс
lawrence, лоренц
lawrence, лорънс
lawrence, лоуренс
lawrentjew, лаврентьев
lawrow, ławrow
lawrow, λαβροφ
lawrow, лавров
lazar, lazare
lazar, lazarus
lazar, łazar
lazar, лазар
lazar, лазарь
lazare, lazarus
lazare, llatzer
lazare, лазар
lazarenko, лазаренко
lazarev, лазарев
lazarev, լազարեւ
lazareva, лазарева
lazaro, lazzaro
lazarov, лазаров
lazarus, llatzer
lazarus, łazarz
lazarus, лазар
lazarus, лазарь
lazzaro, ладзаро
lazzaro, лаццаро
lea, sbaen
lea, spagna
lea, spanje
lea, spanyol
lea, suede
lea, sved
lea, sweden
lea, xuan
lea, zweden
lea, đuc
lea, του
lea, луј
lea, јован
leao, leo
leao, leon
leao, leone
leao, lleo
leao, λεων
leao, лав
leao, лев
leao, лъв
leao, լեւոն
leao, ლეონ
leary, oleary
lebas, леба
lebedev, lebedevas
lebedev, lebedew
lebedev, лебедев
lebedev, лебедєв
lebedev, լեբեդեւ
lebedeva, lebedewa
lebedeva, лебедева
lebedevas, лебедев
lebedew, лебедев
lebedew, лебедєв
lebedew, լեբեդեւ
lebedewa, лебедева
leberecht, леберехт
leblanc, бланк
leblanc, леблан
lebrecht, лебрехт
lebrun, лебрен
lecapene, lecapeno
lecapene, lekapen
lecapene, lekapenos
lecapene, лекапенос
lecapeno, lekapen
lecapeno, lekapenos
lecapeno, лекапенос
lech, lesek
lech, leszek
lech, λεσεκ
lech, лех
lech, лешек
lechner, лехнер
leclerc, леклер
leclerc, леклерк
lecomte, леконт
lee, leon
lee, leroy
lefebvre, lefevre
lefebvre, λεφεβρ
lefebvre, лефевр
lefevre, лефевр
legend, legende
legostaev, легостаев
legrand, легран
legrand, լեգրան
lehm, lehmann
lejava, ლეჟავა
lejeune, лежен
lekapen, lekapenos
lekapen, лекапенос
lekapenos, лекапенос
lemeshko, лемешко
lemoyne, moyne
lena, елена
lena, олена
lenas, lenate
lenas, ленат
lenate, ленат
lentul, lentulo
lentul, lentulus
lentul, лентул
lentulo, lentulus
lentulo, лентул
lentulus, лентул
lenz, ленц
leo, leon
leo, leone
leo, lev
leo, lew
leo, lleo
leo, λεων
leo, лав
leo, лев
leo, лео
leo, лъв
leo, լեւոն
leo, ლეონ
leon, leonas
leon, leone
leon, lev
leon, levon
leon, lew
leon, lleo
leon, λεων
leon, лав
leon, лев
leon, левон
leon, лео
leon, леон
leon, лъв
leon, լեւոն
leon, ლეონ
leonard, leonardas
leonard, leonardus
leonard, λεοναρ
leonard, λεοναρντ
leonard, леонар
leonard, леонард
leonard, լեոնարդ
leonard, ლეონარდ
leonardas, леонард
leonardo, λεοναρντο
leonardo, леонардо
leonas, лев
leonas, леон
leone, lleo
leone, λεων
leone, лав
leone, лев
leone, лъв
leone, լեւոն
leone, ლეონ
leonhard, λεοναρντ
leonhard, леонгард
leonor, lleonor
leonor, ελεονορα
leonor, ελεονωρα
leonor, ελεωνορα
leonor, елеонора
leonor, леонора
leonor, элеонора
leonor, ელეანორ
leonor, ელეონორა
leonora, леонора
leonora, элеонора
leonov, leonow
leonov, леонов
leonova, leonowa
leonova, леонова
leonow, леонов
leonowa, леонова
leont, leontjev
leont, леонтьев
leontev, leontjev
leontev, leontyev
leontev, леонтьев
leontjev, leontjew
leontjev, leontyev
leontjev, леонтьев
leontjev, леонтьєв
leontjew, leontyev
leontjew, леонтьев
leontjew, леонтьєв
leontyev, леонтьев
leopold, leopoldas
leopold, leopoldo
leopold, leopoldu
leopold, λεοπολδος
leopold, λεοπολντ
leopold, леополд
leopold, леопольд
leopold, լեոպոլդ
leopold, ლეოპოლდ
leopoldas, leopoldo
leopoldas, леополд
leopoldas, леопольд
leopoldas, լեոպոլդ
leopoldas, ლეოპოლდ
leopoldo, leopoldu
leopoldo, λεοπολδος
leopoldo, λεοπολντ
leopoldo, леополд
leopoldo, леопольд
leopoldo, լեոպոլդ
leopoldo, ლეოპოლდ
leopoldu, λεοπολδος
leopoldu, леополд
leopoldu, леопольд
lepage, лепаж
lepreo, lepreon
leroux, roux
leroy, roy
lesage, лесаж
lescot, леско
lesek, лешек
leskov, leskow
lesya, леся
leszek, лешек
leth, лет
leucon, leukon
leukon, левкон
leung, лян
leuven, lowen
lev, levas
lev, lew
lev, λεβ
lev, λεων
lev, лав
lev, лев
lev, левко
lev, лъв
lev, լեւ
lev, ლევ
lev, ლეო
levan, lewan
levan, λεβαν
levan, леван
levan, լեւան
levan, ლევან
levas, lew
levas, лев
levashov, левашов
levcenko, левченко
levchenko, левченко
levesque, левек
levko, левко
levon, lewon
levon, левон
levon, լեւոն
levon, ლევონ
levonyan, լեւոնյան
levtchenko, левченко
levtsjenko, левченко
lew, λεβ
lew, лав
lew, лев
lew, лью
lew, լեւ
lew, ლევ
lewan, леван
lewan, լեւան
lewan, ლევან
lewon, левон
lewon, լեւոն
ljachov, ляхов
ljachow, lyakhov
ljachow, ляхов
ljuba, любовь
ljubov, ljubow
ljubov, lubow
ljubov, lyubov
ljubov, любов
ljubov, любовь
ljubov, լյուբով
ljubow, lubow
ljubow, lyubov
ljubow, любов
ljubow, любовь
ljubow, լյուբով
ljudmyla, ludmyła
ljudmyla, lyudmyla
lleo, λεων
lleo, лав
lleo, лев
lleo, лъв
lleo, լեւոն
lleo, ლეონ
lleonor, леонора
ller, muller
ller, мюллер
llong, longo
llong, longus
llong, лонг
llop, lupo
llop, lupus
llop, луп
llorenc, lorenzo
llorenc, лоренцо
lloyd, λουντ
lloyd, лојд
lloyd, լլոյդ
lobanov, lobanow
lobanov, лобанов
lobanow, лобанов
lobov, łobow
lobov, лобов
lobsang, losang
lobsang, lozang
loch, лох
lochen, løchen
lochner, лохнер
lockwood, локвуд
loeschcke, λεσκε
loetsenko, луценко
logunov, logunow
logunov, логунов
logunow, логунов
lombardo, λομπαρντο
lombardo, ломбардо
londres, лондр
long, zheng
long, λονγκ
long, лонг
longespee, лонжеспе
longo, longus
longo, лонг
longuet, лонге
longuet, լոնգե
longus, лонг
longworth, лонгворт
loon, looz
loon, лоон
looz, лоон
lopata, łopata
lopez, λοπεθ
lopez, лопес
lopukhova, лопухова
lord, λορδος
lord, лорд
loredan, λορενταν
lorena, lower
lorenc, lorenz
lorens, lorentz
lorentz, lorenz
lorentz, лоренц
lorenz, лоренц
lorenza, лоренца
lorenzo, renzo
lorenzo, λορεντζο
lorenzo, λορεντσο
lorenzo, лоренсо
lorenzo, лоренцо
lorenzo, լորենցո
lorenzo, ლორენცო
los, łos
losch, леш
lotar, lothar
lotar, лотар
lotar, лотарь
loth, лот
lothar, лотар
lothar, лотарь
lotz, лотц
loup, lupo
loup, lupus
loup, луп
lourenco, лоренсу
louw, лоув
lovchev, lovtsjev
lovchev, ловчев
love, λαβ
love, лав
love, լավ
lovtsjev, ловчев
low, лев
low, лоу
lowe, леве
lowell, ловелл
lubow, lyubov
lubow, любов
lubow, любовь
luc, lucas
luc, lukas
luc, łukasz
luc, λουκας
luca, lucas
luca, лука
lucas, luke
lucas, łukasz
lucas, λυκα
lucas, лука
lucas, лукас
lucas, люка
lucas, լյուկա
lucca, lucques
lucemburska, luksemburska
lucemburska, lussemburgo
lucemburska, luxembourg
lucemburska, luxemburg
lucemburska, luxemburgo
lucemburska, λουξεμβουργου
lucemburska, люксембургская
lucembursky, lussemburgo
lucembursky, luxembourg
lucembursky, luxemburg
lucembursky, luxemburgo
lucembursky, λουξεμβουργου
lucembursky, люксембург
lucja, łucja
luczak, łuczak
ludmyła, lyudmyla
lujan, лухан
luka, лука
lukacs, лукач
lukas, luke
lukas, łukasz
lukas, λουκας
lukas, лукаш
lukasenko, лукашенко
lukash, лукаш
lukashenko, лукашенко
lukasz, łukasz
lukasz, λουκας
lukasz, лукаш
lukasz, լուկաշ
lukaszczyk, łukaszczyk
luke, люк
lukov, lukow
lukov, луков
lukow, луков
luksemburska, lussemburgo
luksemburska, luxembourg
luksemburska, luxemburg
luksemburska, luxemburgo
luksemburska, λουξεμβουργου
luksemburska, люксембургская
lukyanov, łukjanow
lukyanov, лукьянов
lund, лунн
lunebourg, luneburg
lunebourg, люнебург
luneburg, luneburska
luneburg, lunebursky
luneburg, lunenburg
luneburg, λυνεμπουρκ
luneburg, люнебург
lupo, lupus
lupo, луп
lupo, лупус
lupus, луп
lupus, лупус
lurje, lurye
lurje, лурье
lurye, лурье
lussemburgo, luxembourg
lussemburgo, luxemburg
lussemburgo, luxemburgo
lussemburgo, λουξεμβουργου
lussemburgo, люксембург
lussemburgo, люксембургская
lussemburgo, люксембурзька
luszczynska, łuszczynska
luter, luther
luther, λουθερ
luther, лютер
luther, լյութեր
lutsenko, luzenko
lutsenko, łucenko
lutsenko, луценко
lutz, лутц
lutzow, lytzow
lutzow, лютцов
luxembourg, luxemburg
luxembourg, luxemburgo
luxembourg, λουξεμβουργου
luxembourg, люксембург
luxembourg, люксембургская
luxembourg, люксембурзька
luxemburg, luxemburgo
luxemburg, λουξεμβουργου
luxemburg, люксембург
luxemburg, люксембургская
luxemburg, люксембурзька
luxemburgo, λουξεμβουργου
luxemburgo, люксембург
luxemburgo, люксембургская
luxemburgo, люксембурзька
luzenko, луценко
lvov, lwow
lvov, львов
lwow, львов
lyakhov, ляхов
lyn, lynette
lyon, lyons
lyubov, любов
lyubov, любовь
lyubov, լյուբով
mac, мак
macarthur, μακαρθουρ
macarthur, макартур
maccarthy, mccarthy
macdonald, макдональд
macedon, makedon
macer, macro
macer, макр
macer, мацер
macgregor, макгрегор
mach, мах
machabeusz, makkabeus
machado, машадо
machado, машаду
machmoed, махмуд
machmud, махмуд
machno, махно
mackensen, макензен
maclachlan, маклахлан
macro, макр
madalena, maddalena
madalena, magdalena
madalena, magdalene
madalena, magdolna
madalena, μαγδαληνη
madalena, магдалена
maddalena, magdalena
maddalena, magdalene
maddalena, magdolna
maddalena, μαγδαληνη
maddalena, μανταλενα
maddalena, магдалена
madh, մեծ
madre, mother
madzharov, маджаров
mae, меј
maegawa, маэгава
maekawa, маэкава
maestro, mastaren
maestro, master
maestro, meester
magdalena, magdalene
magdalena, magdolna
magdalena, μαγδαληνη
magdalena, μανταλενα
magdalena, магдалена
magdalena, мадлен
magdalene, μαγδαληνη
magdalene, магдалена
magdolna, магдалена
magne, magno
magne, magnus
magne, магн
magne, магне
magne, магнус
magno, magnus
magno, maunu
magno, μαγκνους
magno, магн
magno, магнус
magno, მაგნუს
magnus, maunu
magnus, μαγκνους
magnus, магн
magnus, магнус
magnus, մագնուս
magnuson, magnusson
magnussen, магнуссен
magnusson, магнусон
magnusson, магнуссон
mago, magon
mago, magone
mago, магон
magomedov, magomedow
magomedov, магомедов
magomedow, магомедов
magon, magone
magon, магон
magone, магон
magyar, sacre
magyar, мадьяр
magyar, цар
mahal, մահալ
maharramov, məhərrəmov
mahesh, махеш
mahmud, μαχμουτ
mahmud, махмуд
mahmudov, makhmudov
mahmudov, махмудов
mahometas, muhammad
maja, maya
maja, мая
maja, маја
maja, մայա
majer, mayer
majer, маєр
majkov, majkow
majkov, maykov
majkow, maykov
major, mayor
major, мајор
majorca, majorque
majorca, mallorca
majorov, majorow
majorov, mayorov
majorova, mayorova
majorow, mayorov
majorque, mallorca
maju, mayu
maju, маю
makarov, makarow
makarov, макаров
makarov, մակարով
makarova, makarowa
makarova, макарова
makarow, макаров
makarow, մակարով
makarowa, макарова
makeev, makejew
makejev, макеев
makejew, makeyev
makejew, макеев
makeyev, макеев
makharadze, махарадзе
makhmudov, махмудов
makhmutov, махмутов
maksas, max
maksas, μαξ
maksas, макс
maksas, մաքս
mal, мал
malakhov, малахов
malakhova, малахова
malcev, maltsev
malcev, мальцев
malcew, мальцев
malcolm, malcom
malcolm, μαλκολμ
malcolm, малкольм
malcolm, малком
malcolm, малкълм
malcolm, малькольм
malcolm, մալքոլմ
malcom, малкольм
malcom, малькольм
malgorzata, małgorzata
malgorzata, малгожата
malkhasyan, малхасян
malkhaz, малхаз
malkhaz, მალხაზ
malkov, malkow
malkow, мальков
mallet, малле
malofeev, malofejev
malofeev, malofejew
malofeev, malofeyev
malofeev, малофеев
malofejev, malofejew
malofejev, malofeyev
malofejev, малофеев
malofejew, malofeyev
malofejew, малофеев
malofeyev, малофеев
maltsev, malzew
maltsev, мальцев
malyschew, malyshev
malyschew, малышев
malyshev, malysjev
malyshev, малышев
malysjev, малышев
malzew, мальцев
mamadou, μαμαντου
mamadou, мамаду
mamajew, мамаев
mambetow, мамбетов
mamerc, mamercus
mamerc, мамерк
mamercus, мамерк
mamun, mun
mamun, мамун
man, mann
man, muz
man, numan
man, ман
man, нуман
manasse, manasses
manasse, μανασσης
manasse, манассе
manasses, μανασσης
manasses, манассе
mancuso, манкузо
mandelshtam, mandelstam
mandelshtam, мандельштам
mandelstam, мандельштам
manet, μανε
manet, մանե
manfred, μανφρεντ
manfred, манфред
mango, μανγκο
manh, meng
mann, mannova
mann, muz
mann, манн
mann, ման
mannova, манн
mannova, ման
manny, manuel
manoel, manuel
manouchehr, манучехр
mansur, manszur
mansur, мансур
mansurow, мансуров
manthos, μανθος
mantova, mantua
manu, manuel
manu, ману
manu, мануэль
manuchar, манучар
manuchar, მანუჩარ
manucharyan, մանուչարյան
manuchehr, манучехр
manuchehr, მანუჩაჰრ
manuel, εμανουελε
manuel, εμμανουηλ
manuel, ману
manuel, мануэл
manuel, мануэль
manuel, эммануэль
maradona, марадона
marc, marco
marc, marcos
marc, marcu
marc, marcus
marc, marek
marc, mark
marc, μαρκος
marc, марк
marc, марко
marc, մարկոս
marc, მარკუს
marca, marche
marca, μαρς
marca, марш
marcao, marcos
marcel, marcello
marcel, marcellus
marcel, marcelo
marcel, марцел
marcel, марцелл
marcello, marcellus
marcello, marcelo
marcello, μαρτσελο
marcello, марцел
marcello, марцелл
marcello, марчелло
marcello, марчело
marcellus, marcelo
marcellus, марцел
marcellus, марцелл
marcelo, марцел
marcelo, марцелл
marcenko, marchenko
marcenko, марченко
march, марч
marchant, мэрчент
marche, μαρς
marche, марш
marchenko, marczenko
marchenko, martchenko
marchenko, martschenko
marchenko, martsjenko
marchenko, марченко
marchese, markyz
marchese, marques
marchese, marquess
marchetto, маркетто
marchuk, marcuk
marchuk, marczuk
marchuk, martschuk
marchuk, марчук
marck, ламарк
marco, marcos
marco, marcu
marco, marcus
marco, marek
marco, mark
marco, markas
marco, markus
marco, μαρκος
marco, марк
marco, марко
marco, մարկո
marco, մարկոս
marco, მარკუს
marcos, marcus
marcos, mark
marcos, марк
marcos, марко
marcu, marcus
marcu, μαρκος
marcu, марк
marcuk, marczuk
marcuk, martschuk
marcuk, марчук
marcus, marek
marcus, mark
marcus, markas
marcus, markus
marcus, μαρκος
marcus, марк
marcus, марко
marcus, մարկոս
marcus, მარკუს
marczenko, марченко
marczuk, martschuk
marczuk, марчук
mare, mother
mare, մեծ
marechal, marshal
marechal, маршал
marek, mark
marek, μαρκος
marek, марк
marek, марко
marek, մարկոս
marek, მარკუს
margareeta, margaret
margareeta, margareta
margareeta, margaretha
margareeta, marketa
margareeta, маргарета
margaret, margareta
margaret, margarete
margaret, margaretha
margaret, margarethe
margaret, marged
margaret, marketa
margaret, μαργκαρετ
margaret, маргарет
margaret, маргарета
margaret, մարգարեթ
margaret, մարգարետ
margaret, მარგარეტ
margareta, margarete
margareta, margaretha
margareta, margarethe
margareta, marged
margareta, margrete
margareta, margrethe
margareta, marketa
margareta, маргарета
margareta, მარგარეტ
margarete, margaretha
margarete, margarethe
margarete, marketa
margarete, маргарета
margarete, маргарете
margaretha, margarethe
margaretha, marged
margaretha, margrethe
margaretha, marketa
margaretha, маргарет
margaretha, маргарета
margaretha, მარგარეტ
margarethe, margrethe
margarethe, marketa
margarethe, маргарета
margarethe, маргарете
margarjan, margaryan
marged, marketa
margot, марго
margot, маргот
margot, մարգո
margrave, markgreve
margrave, orgrof
margrave, маркграф
margrete, marketa
margrethe, marketa
margrethe, маргрете
marja, марья
marjam, maryam
marjam, марьям
marjan, мар
marjan, марьян
marjana, марьяна
mark, markas
mark, markus
mark, μαρκος
mark, марк
mark, марко
mark, маркус
mark, մարկ
mark, մարկոս
mark, მარკუს
markarjan, маркарян
markarjan, մարգարյան
markas, марк
markas, марко
markelov, markelow
markelov, маркелов
markelow, маркелов
marketa, маргарет
marketa, маргарета
marketa, მარგარეტ
markov, markow
markov, марков
markova, markowa
markova, маркова
markow, марков
markowa, маркова
markus, марк
markus, марко
markyz, marques
markyz, marquess
marlow, марлоу
maroc, marrocos
marocco, marokko
marokko, marrocos
marozau, morozov
marquard, марквард
marquardt, марквардт
marques, marquess
marquet, марке
marrocos, morocco
marsch, марш
marschall, маршал
marschall, маршалл
marsh, марш
marsha, μαρσα
marsha, марша
marsha, մարշա
marshal, маршал
marshall, μαρσαλ
marshall, маршал
marshall, маршалл
marshall, մարշալ
marta, martha
marta, marthe
marta, μαρθα
marta, марта
martchenko, марченко
martha, marthe
martha, μαρθα
martha, марта
martha, марфа
martha, մարթա
marthe, марта
marthe, մարթա
martschenko, марченко
martschuk, марчук
martsjenko, марченко
martynov, martynow
martynov, мартынов
martynow, мартынов
maruf, ruf
marujama, maruyama
marujama, маруяма
marullo, marullus
marullo, marulo
marullo, марул
marullo, марулл
marullus, marulo
marullus, марул
marullus, марулл
marulo, марул
marulo, марулл
maruyama, маруяма
marwa, марва
marwan, mervan
marwan, марван
mary, may
mary, molly
mary, mrs
maryam, мар
maryam, марьям
maryja, maryya
mas, masud
mas, mesud
mas, mesut
mas, масуд
masa, masha
masakazu, масакадзу
masanobu, масанобу
masao, maszao
masao, масао
maschek, masek
masha, masja
masha, masza
masha, маша
maslov, maslow
maslov, маслов
maslova, maslowa
maslova, маслова
maslow, маслов
maslowa, маслова
maso, mason
maso, мазон
mason, джон
mason, мазон
masoud, масуд
massart, массар
massow, массов
mastaren, master
mastaren, meester
master, meester
masud, mesud
masud, масуд
masuda, maszuda
masuda, масуда
masukawa, масукава
masunow, мазунов
maszao, масао
maszuda, масуда
masłow, маслов
mat, mathew
mata, мата
matarazzo, матараццо
matazo, матадзо
matej, матеј
mateo, mateus
mateo, mateusz
mateo, matheo
mateo, matteo
mateo, matthew
mateo, матеј
matern, materno
matern, maternus
matern, матерн
materno, maternus
materno, матерн
maternus, матерн
mateu, mateus
mateu, mateusz
mateu, matteo
mateu, matthew
mateus, mateusz
mateus, matheus
mateus, matteo
mateus, matthew
mateus, матеј
mateusz, matteo
mateusz, matthew
mateusz, матеуш
mateusz, матеј
matevosyan, մաթեւոսյան
mather, мэтер
matheus, матеус
mathew, matt
mathew, matthew
mathew, мэттью
mathew, мэтью
mathews, matthews
mathews, мэтьюз
mathews, мэтьюс
matrjona, матрена
matrjona, мотрона
matrosov, matrossow
matrosov, матросов
matrossow, матросов
matt, matthew
matt, ματ
matt, мат
matt, матю
matt, мет
matt, метт
matt, меттью
matt, мэтт
matt, мэттью
matt, մեթյու
matteo, matthew
matthaeus, matthaus
matthaeus, маттеус
matthaus, mattheus
matthaus, matthew
matthaus, матеус
matthaus, маттеус
matthew, matty
matthew, ματ
matthew, мат
matthew, матеј
matthew, матю
matthew, мет
matthew, метт
matthew, меттью
matthew, метью
matthew, метју
matthew, мэтт
matthew, мэттью
matthew, мэтью
matthew, մեթյու
matthews, мэттьюс
matthews, мэтьюз
matty, мэттью
matveev, matvejev
matveev, matveyev
matveev, matwejew
matveev, матвеев
matveev, մատվեեւ
matveeva, matvejeva
matveeva, matveyeva
matveeva, матвеева
matvej, matvey
matvej, մատվեյ
matvejev, matveyev
matvejev, матвеев
matvejeva, matveyeva
matvejeva, матвеева
matveyev, matwejew
matveyev, матвеев
matveyev, մատվեեւ
matveyeva, матвеева
matwejew, матвеев
maunu, μαγκνους
maunu, магнус
mauro, maurus
mavrocordat, mavrocordato
mavrocordat, mavrocordatos
mavrocordat, μαυροκορδατος
mavrocordat, маврокордат
mavrocordato, mavrocordatos
mavrocordato, μαυροκορδατος
mavrocordato, маврокордат
mavrocordatos, μαυροκορδατος
mavrocordatos, маврокордат
mavrokordatos, μαυροκορδατος
mavropoulos, μαυροπουλος
mavros, μαυρος
max, maxwell
max, μαξ
max, макс
max, максвелл
max, մաքս
max, მაქს
maxwell, μαξγουελ
maxwell, макс
maxwell, максвел
maxwell, максвелл
maxwell, максуел
maxwell, մաքսվել
may, меј
may, մեյ
maya, mayja
maya, мая
maya, մայա
mayer, mayerova
mayer, мајер
mayu, маю
mazhar, мажар
mazoerenko, мазуренко
mazurenko, мазуренко
mazzucato, маццукато
małgorzata, малгожата
mcarthur, макартур
mcculloch, маккаллох
mcculloch, маккалох
mccullough, маккалло
mccullough, маккаллох
mcdonagh, макдонах
mcdonough, макдонаф
mcgovern, макговерн
mcgowan, макгоун
mcgowan, макгоуэн
mcgrath, макграт
mcgraw, макгроу
mcgregor, макгрегор
mcnaught, макнот
mechev, мечев
mecklembourg, mecklemburgo
mecklembourg, mecklenburg
mecklembourg, mecklenburgo
mecklembourg, meclemburgo
mecklembourg, meklemburska
mecklembourg, meklenburska
mecklembourg, μεκλεμβουργου
mecklembourg, мекленбург
mecklembourg, მეკლენბურგ
mecklemburgo, mecklenburg
mecklemburgo, mecklenburgo
mecklemburgo, meclemburgo
mecklemburgo, μεκλεμβουργου
mecklemburgo, мекленбург
mecklenbourg, mecklenburg
mecklenbourg, мекленбург
mecklenburg, mecklenburgo
mecklenburg, meclemburgo
mecklenburg, meklemburska
mecklenburg, meklenburska
mecklenburg, meklenbursko
mecklenburg, μεκλεμβουργου
mecklenburg, мекленбург
mecklenburg, мекленбургская
mecklenburg, მეკლენბურგ
meclemburgo, meklenburska
meclemburgo, meklenbursko
meclemburgo, μεκλεμβουργου
meclemburgo, мекленбург
medvedev, medvedjev
medvedev, medwedew
medvedev, медведев
medvedev, медведєв
medvedev, մեդվեդեւ
medvedeva, медведева
medwedew, медведев
medwedewa, մեդվեդեւա
meerson, mejerson
meerson, меерсон
meg, megan
megacle, megacles
megacle, megakles
megacle, μεγακλης
megacles, megakles
megacles, μεγακλης
megakles, μεγακλης
megan, μεγκαν
megan, меган
megan, մեգան
megara, megare
megara, megary
megara, μεγαρευς
megare, μεγαρευς
megary, μεγαρευς
mehmed, mehmet
mehmed, mohammed
mehmed, muhammad
mehmed, muhammed
mehmed, μεχμετ
mehmed, мехмед
mehmed, мехмет
mehmed, мухамед
mehmed, мухаммад
mehmed, мухаммед
mehmed, մեհմեդ
mehmed, մուհամմեդ
mehmed, მეჰმედ
mehmet, μεχμετ
mehmet, мехмед
mehmet, мехмет
mehmet, մեհմեդ
mehmet, մուհամմեդ
mehmet, მეჰმედ
mejerson, меерсон
meklemburska, meklenburska
meklenburska, μεκλεμβουργου
meklenburska, мекленбург
meklenbursko, μεκλεμβουργου
meklenbursko, мекленбург
melchor, мельчор
melgarejo, мельгарехо
meltzer, мельцер
menachem, menahem
menachem, менахем
menahem, менахем
menander, menandre
menander, menandro
menander, menandros
menander, μενανδρος
menander, менандр
menandre, menandro
menandre, menandros
menandre, μενανδρος
menandre, менандр
menandro, menandros
menandro, μενανδρος
menandro, менандр
menard, менар
mend, mendoza
mendes, menendez
mendoca, mendonca
mendonca, мендонса
menecrate, menecrates
menecrate, μενεκρατης
menecrates, μενεκρατης
menelao, menelaos
menelao, menelau
menelao, menelaus
menelaos, menelaus
menelau, menelaus
menger, менгер
mercedes, merces
mercedes, μερσεντες
merchant, мерчант
mere, mother
meresanch, meresankh
meresanch, mereszanh
meresanch, მერესანხ
meresank, meresankh
meresank, mereszanh
meresank, მერესანხ
meresankh, mereszanh
meresankh, მერესანხ
mereszanh, მერესანხ
merkurjev, merkuryev
merkurjev, меркурьев
merkuryev, меркурьев
meruzhan, меружан
meruzhan, մերուժան
mervan, марван
merz, мерц
merzhanov, мержанов
meseguer, месегер
meshkov, mesjkov
meshkov, мешков
mesjkov, мешков
mesud, масуд
mesut, масуд
meszaros, месарош
metel, metello
metel, metellus
metel, metelo
metel, метел
metel, метелл
metello, metellus
metello, metelo
metello, метел
metello, метелл
metellus, metelo
metellus, метел
metellus, метелл
metelo, метел
metelo, метелл
methode, metody
methuen, метьюэн
metrodor, metrodore
metrodor, metrodoro
metrodor, metrodoros
metrodor, metrodorosz
metrodor, metrodorus
metrodor, μητροδωρος
metrodor, метродор
metrodore, metrodoro
metrodore, metrodoros
metrodore, metrodorosz
metrodore, metrodorus
metrodore, μητροδωρος
metrodore, метродор
metrodoro, metrodoros
metrodoro, metrodorosz
metrodoro, metrodorus
metrodoro, μητροδωρος
metrodoro, метродор
metrodoros, metrodorosz
metrodoros, metrodorus
metrodoros, μητροδωρος
metrodoros, метродор
metrodorosz, metrodorus
metrodorosz, метродор
metrodorus, μητροδωρος
metrodorus, метродор
metz, метц
mevlut, μεβλουτ
mevlut, мевлют
mey, meyer
mezentsev, мезенцев
mher, мгер
mher, մհեր
mjagkov, myagkov
mjagkov, мягков
mkrtcjan, мкртчян
mkrtcjan, մկրտչյան
mkrttsjjan, мкртчян
mkrttsjjan, մկրտչյան
mladen, μλαντεν
mladen, младен
mladenov, mladenow
mladenov, младенов
mladenow, младенов
mochalov, мочалов
modest, модест
modesto, modestus
modesto, модест
modestus, модест
modugno, модуньо
moechamet, мухамет
moechtar, мухтар
moeravjov, muravjov
moeravjov, muravyov
moeravjov, murawjow
moeravjov, муравьев
moesaev, musajev
moesaev, musayev
moesaev, мусаев
mogens, могенс
mohamed, mohammed
mohamed, muhammad
mohamed, muhammed
mohamed, μοχαμετ
mohamed, мохамед
mohamed, мохаммед
mohamed, мухамед
mohamed, мухаммад
mohamed, мухаммед
mohammad, muhammed
mohammed, muhammad
mohammed, muhammed
mohammed, могаммед
mohammed, мохамед
mohammed, мохаммед
mohammed, мухамед
mohammed, мухаммад
mohammed, мухаммед
mohammed, մուհամմեդ
mojzesz, mose
mojzesz, moses
mojzesz, moshe
mojzesz, mosheh
mojzesz, mozes
mokhtar, мохтар
mokhtar, мухтар
mokranjac, мокрањац
molchanov, moltschanow
molchanov, moltsjanov
molchanov, молчанов
molchanov, մոլչանով
molodtsov, молодцов
moltschanow, moltsjanov
moltschanow, молчанов
moltsjanov, молчанов
moncada, montcada
moncada, монкада
moncade, montcada
monet, μονε
monet, моне
monferrato, montferrat
monferrato, montferratlı
monferrato, montferrato
monferrato, montferratu
monferrato, μομφερρατου
monferrato, монферат
monfort, montfort
monfort, монфор
monge, монхе
monjo, monk
monma, момма
monnet, монне
monomaco, мономах
monserrat, montserrat
montacute, montagu
montacute, монтегю
montagu, монтегю
montalembert, монталамбер
montano, montanus
montano, монтан
montanus, монтан
montbazon, монбазон
montejo, монтехо
montfaucon, монфокон
montferrat, montferratlı
montferrat, montferrato
montferrat, montferratu
montferrat, μομφερρατου
montferrat, монферат
montferratlı, montferratu
montferrato, montferratu
montferrato, μομφερρατου
montferrato, монферат
montferratu, μομφερρατου
montfort, монфорт
morch, mørch
mordechaj, mordehay
moreno, морено
morgan, μοργκαν
morgan, морган
morgan, մորգան
morgen, морген
morgenschtern, morgenshtern
morgenschtern, моргенштерн
morgenshtern, моргенштерн
morgenstern, моргенстерн
morgenstern, моргенштерн
morgunow, моргунов
morosow, morozov
morosow, morozow
morosow, морозов
morosow, մորոզով
morosowa, morozova
morosowa, morozowa
morosowa, морозова
morozov, morozow
morozov, морозов
morozov, մորոզով
morozova, morozowa
morozova, морозова
morozow, морозов
morozowa, морозова
morrow, морроу
mortemart, мортемар
mosche, mose
mosche, moshe
mosche, mosze
mosche, моше
moscou, moscow
moscou, moskva
moscow, moscu
moscow, moskva
moscu, moskva
mose, moses
mose, moshe
mose, mosheh
mose, mosze
mose, моше
mose, მოშე
moses, moshe
moses, mozes
moses, моше
moshe, mosheh
moshe, mosze
moshe, моше
moshe, մոշե
moshe, მოშე
mosheh, mosze
mosheh, моше
mosher, мошер
mosołow, мосолов
mosze, моше
mothe, motte
motokawa, мотокава
moulay, mulaj
moulay, mulay
mountbatten, μαουντμπαττεν
mountbatten, маунтбатън
mouseł, mushegh
movchan, мовчан
mozart, μοτσαρτ
mozart, моцарт
mozart, մոցարտ
mubarak, μουμπαρακ
mubarak, мубарак
mucha, муха
muchanow, mukhanov
muchanow, муханов
muchtar, mukhtar
muchtar, мухтар
mudhaffar, muzaffar
muell, mueller
muell, muller
mueller, muller
mueller, мюллер
muench, munch
muhamed, мухамед
muhammad, muhammed
muhammad, μοχαμετ
muhammad, мехмед
muhammad, мохамед
muhammad, мохаммед
muhammad, мухамед
muhammad, мухаммад
muhammad, мухаммед
muhammad, մուհամմադ
muhammad, محمد
muhammed, μοχαμετ
muhammed, мохамед
muhammed, мухамед
muhammed, мухаммад
muhammed, мухаммед
muhammed, մուհամմադ
muhtar, mukhtar
muhtar, мухтар
mukesh, мукеш
mukhanov, муханов
mukhtar, muxtar
mukhtar, мухтар
mulaj, mulay
mull, muller
mull, мюллер
muller, mullerova
muller, мюлер
muller, мюллер
mullerova, мюллер
mun, мамун
munch, мунк
munch, мюнх
munthe, мунте
murajama, murayama
murajama, мураяма
murakawa, муракава
murasawa, мурасава
murat, μυρα
murat, мюрат
muratov, muratow
muratov, муратов
muratow, муратов
muravjov, muravyov
muravjov, murawjow
muravjov, муравьев
muravjova, муравьева
muravyov, murawjow
muravyov, муравьев
murawjow, муравьев
murayama, мураяма
murchada, мурхада
murchadh, murdo
murdoch, мердок
murray, murrayova
murray, мареј
musa, mussa
musa, musza
musa, муса
musaeus, museo
musajev, musayev
musajev, мусаев
musayev, мусаев
musel, mushegh
mushegh, մուշեղ
mustafa, musztafa
mustafa, мустафа
mustafa, მუსტაფა
musztafa, мустафа
musztafa, მუსტაფა
muxtar, мухтар
myagkov, мягков
mychajlo, mychajło
mychajlo, mykhaylo
mychajło, mykhaylo
mykola, mykoła
myong, мен
myroslav, myroslaw
məhərrəmov, магеррамов
nabokov, nabokow
nabokov, набоков
nabokow, набоков
nachman, nahman
nachman, нахман
nachum, nahum
nadaud, надо
nadejda, nadeschda
nadejda, nadeshda
nadejda, nadezda
nadejda, nadezhda
nadejda, nadezjda
nadejda, надежда
nadejda, նադեժդա
nadeschda, nadezda
nadeschda, nadezhda
nadeschda, nadezjda
nadeschda, надежда
nadeschda, նադեժդա
nadeshda, nadezda
nadeshda, nadezhda
nadeshda, nadezjda
nadeshda, надежда
nadeshda, նադեժդա
nadezda, nadezhda
nadezda, nadezjda
nadezda, надежда
nadezda, նադեժդա
nadezhda, nadezjda
nadezhda, nadseja
nadezhda, nadzeya
nadezhda, надежда
nadezhda, նադեժդա
nadezhda, ნადეჟდა
nadezjda, надежда
nadezjda, նադեժդա
nadezjda, ნადეჟდა
nadja, nadya
nadja, надежда
nadja, надя
nadja, нађа
nadseja, nadzeya
nadseja, надежда
nadya, надя
nadzeya, надежда
nagakawa, нагакава
nagasawa, нагасава
nagel, нагель
nagorny, nagornyj
nagy, надь
najdenov, naydenov
nakagawa, накагава
nakam, nakamura
nakazato, накадзато
nakazawa, накадзава
nala, алла
nalbandjan, nalbandyan
nalbandjan, налбандян
nalbandjan, նալբանդյան
nalbandyan, налбандян
nalbandyan, նալբանդյան
namen, namur
namen, ναμυρ
namgyal, namgyel
namgyal, намгьял
namgyal, намґ
namur, ναμυρ
nanba, намба
nanbara, намбара
nanbu, намбу
naokazu, наокадзу
napels, naples
napels, napoles
napels, napols
napels, neapel
napels, neapolsky
napels, ναπολης
naples, napoles
naples, napols
naples, napoly
naples, neapel
naples, neapole
naples, neapolsko
naples, neapolsky
naples, ναπολης
naples, неаполя
napoleao, napoleon
napoleao, ναπολεων
napoleao, наполеон
napoleo, napoleon
napoleo, napoleone
napoleon, napoleonas
napoleon, napoleone
napoleon, ναπολεων
napoleon, наполеон
napoleonas, наполеон
napoles, napols
napoles, napoly
napoles, neapel
napoles, neapole
napoles, neapolsko
napoles, neapolsky
napoles, ναπολης
napols, neapel
napols, neapole
napols, neapolsky
napols, ναπολης
napoly, neapel
napoly, neapolsko
napoly, ναπολης
naranjo, наранхо
nasarenko, nazarenko
nasarenko, назаренко
nasarow, nazarov
nasarow, nazarow
nasarow, назаров
nasarowa, nazarova
nasarowa, nazarowa
nasarowa, назарова
nasavska, нассауская
nash, νας
nash, неш
nash, нэш
nash, նեշ
nassau, νασσαου
nastja, настя
nat, nathan
natacha, natasha
natacha, наташа
natalja, natasa
natalja, natasha
natalja, наталья
natallja, наталья
natalya, natasa
natalya, natasha
natalya, natasja
natalya, наташа
natan, nathan
natan, натан
natasa, natasha
natasa, наташа
natascha, natasha
natascha, наташа
natasha, наталья
natasha, наташа
natasha, նատաշա
natasja, наташа
nate, nathan
nath, нат
nathan, натан
nathan, нејтан
nathan, նաթան
nathanael, натанаэль
nathanson, натансон
natkho, натхо
naumov, naumow
naumov, наумов
naumow, наумов
naumow, նաումով
navarra, navarre
navarra, nawarry
navarra, наваре
nawa, нава
nawaf, наваф
nawarry, наваре
nawaz, наваз
nazarenko, назаренко
nazareth, назарет
nazarov, nazarow
nazarov, назаров
nazarova, nazarowa
nazarova, назарова
nazarow, назаров
nazarowa, назарова
nazzareno, наццарено
neal, oneal
neapel, neapole
neapel, neapolsko
neapel, neapolsky
neapel, ναπολης
neapole, ναπολης
neapolsky, ναπολης
nechaev, нечаев
nechayev, нечаев
nechayeva, нечаева
nechtan, нехтон
nedelcho, неделчо
nederland, nederlanden
nederland, nederlandene
nederland, nederlanderna
nederland, netherlands
nederlanden, nederlanderna
nederlanden, netherlands
nederlandene, nederlanderna
nederlandene, netherlands
nederlanderna, netherlands
nedzad, неџад
nejedly, неедлы
nekrasov, некрасов
nemanja, неманья
nemanja, неманя
nemanja, немања
nemeth, немет
nemours, νεμουρ
nemours, немур
neoburgo, neubourg
neoburgo, neuburg
neoburgo, neuburgo
neoburgo, neuburska
neophyte, neophytus
neophyte, νεοφυτος
neophytus, νεοφυτος
nepos, nepot
nepos, nepote
nepos, непот
nepote, непот
nero, neron
nero, nerone
nero, нерон
neron, nerone
neron, νερων
neron, нерон
nerone, νερων
nerone, нерон
nesterova, nesterowa
nesterova, нестерова
nesterowa, нестерова
neubourg, neuburg
neubourg, neuburgo
neubourg, neuburska
neuburg, neuburgo
neuburg, neuburska
neuburgo, neuburska
neuchatel, neufchatel
neurenberg, nuremberg
neurenberg, nurnberg
neurenberg, νυρεμβεργης
nevena, newena
nevena, невена
nevers, νεβερ
nevers, невер
newcastle, ньюкасл
newena, невена
nezu, нэдзу
nguema, нгема
nguyen, хаан
nhan, ren
nhan, zen
njegos, негош
njegos, његош
noach, noah
nobukazu, нобукадзу
nogawa, ногава
nonno, nonnus
noorwegen, noreg
noorwegen, norsky
noorwegen, noruega
noorwegen, norveg
noorwegen, norvege
noorwegen, norway
norba, norbano
norba, norbanus
norba, норбан
norbano, norbanus
norbano, норбан
norbanus, норбан
norbert, νορμπερτ
norbert, норбер
norbert, норберт
norbourg, nordborg
norburg, nordborg
nordborg, νορμπουρκ
noreg, norge
noreg, norsky
noreg, noruega
noreg, norveg
noreg, norvege
noreg, norway
norge, norska
norge, noruega
norge, norveg
norge, norvege
norge, norway
norge, norwegen
norm, norman
norm, норм
norman, норм
norman, норман
normand, норман
norska, noruega
norska, norvege
norska, norway
norska, norwegen
norsky, noruega
norsky, norveg
norsky, norvege
norsky, norway
north, νορθ
north, норт
northcote, норткот
northumberland, νορθαμπερλαντ
noruega, norveg
noruega, norvege
noruega, norveska
noruega, norway
noruega, norwegen
norveg, norvege
norveg, norway
norvege, norway
norway, norwegen
norwood, норвуд
noskov, noskow
noskov, носков
noskow, носков
nosov, nosow
nosov, nossow
nosov, носов
nosow, носов
nossow, носов
novak, новак
novoseltsev, новосельцев
nowak, новак
noyce, noyceova
nozawa, нодзава
nozoe, нодзоэ
nozomu, нодзому
numan, нуман
nuremberg, nurnberg
nuremberg, νυρεμβεργης
nurlan, nurłan
nwoko, нвоко
obodas, ободат
oboechov, obukhov
oboechov, обухов
oboukhov, obukhov
oboukhov, обухов
obrazcow, образцов
obruchev, обручев
obuchov, обухов
obuchow, obukhov
obuchow, обухов
obukhov, обухов
ochoa, очоа
ochoa, օչոա
oconnor, коннор
oda, odaova
oda, οντα
oda, ода
odao, odo
odaova, ода
odawara, одавара
oddone, odo
oddone, odon
oddone, oton
oddone, одо
odegaard, ødegaard
odegard, ødegard
odo, odon
odo, oton
odo, одо
odon, одо
oegrjumov, ugrjumov
oegrjumov, угрюмов
oels, œls
oels, ελς
oels, оелс
oesjakov, ushakov
oesjakov, ушаков
ogaard, øgaard
ogasawara, огасавара
ogawa, огава
ognev, огнев
ognjan, ognyan
ognjan, огнян
ognjen, огнен
ognjen, огњен
ognyan, огнян
ognyanov, огнянов
ohyama, oyama
ojeda, охеда
okawa, oukawa
okawa, окава
okawa, оокава
okawara, оокавара
okazawa, окадзава
okhlopkov, охлопков
okland, økland
oksana, okszana
oksana, oxana
oksana, оксана
okszana, oxana
okszana, оксана
okuwa, оокува
olaf, olav
olaf, ολαφ
olaf, олаф
olafr, olav
olaus, ole
olaus, olof
olav, олаф
oldemburgo, oldenbourg
oldemburgo, oldenburg
oldemburgo, олденбург
oldenbourg, oldenburg
oldenbourg, oldenburska
oldenbourg, олденбург
oldenburg, oldenburska
oldenburg, олденбург
ole, olof
olech, олех
oleg, olegas
oleg, oleh
oleg, ołeh
oleg, ολεγκ
oleg, олег
oleg, օլեգ
oleg, ოლეგ
olegas, олег
olegovna, olegowna
olegovna, олеговна
olegowna, олеговна
olegs, олег
oleh, ołeh
oleh, олег
oleksander, ołeksandr
oleksander, александр
oleksander, олександр
oleksandr, olekszandr
oleksandr, olexander
oleksandr, olexandr
oleksandr, ołeksandr
oleksandr, александр
oleksandr, олександр
oleksandr, олександър
oleksandr, ալեքսանդր
oleksandra, олександра
olekszandr, olexandr
olekszandr, ołeksandr
olekszandr, александр
olekszandr, олександр
olena, ołena
olena, yelena
olena, алена
olena, елена
olena, олена
oles, ołes
olexander, ołeksandr
olexander, александр
olexander, олександр
olexandr, ołeksandr
olexandr, александр
olexandr, олександр
olga, olha
olga, volha
olga, wolha
olga, ολγκα
olga, олга
olga, ольга
olga, օլգա
olgerd, ольгерд
olha, ольга
olle, olof
olya, ольга
omar, umar
omar, umaras
omar, умар
omeltsjenko, омельченко
onogawa, оногава
onozawa, онодзава
onozuka, онодзука
onyschenko, onyszczenko
opava, οπαβα
orachev, oratsjev
orachev, орачев
orange, oranje
orange, oranska
orange, oranzska
orange, oranzsko
orange, οραγγης
orange, оранская
orange, оранско
oranje, oranzsko
oranje, οραγγης
oranje, оранская
oranje, оранско
oranska, оранская
oranzska, оранская
oranzsko, оранская
oratsjev, орачев
orazow, оразов
orban, orbanova
orban, urba
orban, urban
orban, urbano
orban, орбан
orban, урбан
orban, ურბან
orbanova, орбан
orchard, орхард
orechov, orekhov
orechov, орехов
orekhov, орехов
oreste, orestes
oreste, орест
orestes, орест
orhan, ορχαν
orhan, орхан
orjan, ørjan
orkhan, орхан
orleaes, orleans
orleaes, orleanska
orleaes, orleansky
orleaes, ορλεανης
orleaes, орлеанска
orleaes, орлеанская
orleans, orleanska
orleans, orleansky
orleans, ορλεανης
orleans, орлеан
orleans, орлеанска
orleans, орлеанская
orleans, орлеанська
orleanska, ορλεανης
orleanska, орлеанска
orleanska, орлеанская
orleanska, орлеанська
orleansky, ορλεανης
orlov, orlow
orlov, orłow
orlov, орлов
orlov, օռլով
orlova, orlowa
orlova, орлова
orlow, orłow
orlow, орлов
orlowa, орлова
ornulf, ørnulf
oronte, orontes
oronte, οροντης
oronte, ерванд
oronte, єрванд
oronte, երվանդ
orontes, οροντης
orontes, ерванд
orontes, єрванд
orontes, երվանդ
orosz, орос
orth, орт
orłow, орлов
osamu, oszamu
osamu, осаму
osawa, ousawa
osawa, оосава
osawa, осава
oscar, oskar
oscar, oskaras
oscar, oszkar
oscar, οσκαρ
oscar, оскар
oscar, օսկար
oshea, shea
oskar, oskaras
oskar, oszkar
oskar, οσκαρ
oskar, оскар
oskar, օսկար
oskaras, оскар
oskars, оскар
osman, uthman
osman, οσμαν
osman, осман
osmanov, osmanow
osmanov, османов
osmanow, османов
osorkon, oszorkon
osorkon, осоркон
osorkon, ოსორკონ
ostberg, østberg
ostergaard, østergaard
ostrem, østrem
ostrogska, острожская
ostrogska, острозька
ostrouchow, ostroukhov
ostrouchow, остроухов
ostroukhov, остроухов
ostroumow, остроумов
osvald, oswald
osvald, освальд
osvaldo, oswaldo
oswald, освалд
oswald, освальд
oswaldo, освальдо
oszamu, осаму
oszkar, οσκαρ
oszkar, оскар
oszorkon, осоркон
oszorkon, ოსორკონ
ota, otao
ota, othon
ota, oto
ota, oton
ota, otto
ota, otton
ota, ottone
ota, οθων
ota, ото
ota, отон
ota, отто
ota, оттон
otao, otho
otao, oto
otao, oton
otao, otone
otao, otto
otao, otton
otao, ottone
otao, οθων
otao, ото
otao, отон
otao, отто
otao, оттон
otello, othello
othman, uthman
othman, отман
othmar, otmar
othmar, отмар
otho, oto
otho, oton
otho, otone
otho, otto
otho, отон
othon, oto
othon, oton
othon, otto
othon, otton
othon, ottone
othon, οθων
othon, ото
othon, отон
othon, отто
othon, оттон
oto, oton
oto, otonas
oto, otto
oto, otton
oto, ottone
oto, οθων
oto, ото
oto, отон
oto, отто
oto, оттон
oto, օտտոն
oton, otonas
oton, otone
oton, otto
oton, otton
oton, ottone
oton, οθων
oton, ото
oton, отон
oton, отто
oton, оттон
oton, օտտոն
otonas, οθων
otonas, отон
otone, отон
otorbajew, оторбаев
otto, otton
otto, ottone
otto, οθων
otto, ото
otto, отон
otto, отто
otto, оттон
otto, оттоне
otton, ottone
otton, οθων
otton, ото
otton, отон
otton, отто
otton, оттон
ottone, οθων
ottone, ото
ottone, отон
ottone, отто
ottone, оттон
ottone, оттоне
ouchakov, ushakov
ouchakov, ушаков
oukawa, оокава
ould, uld
ould, ουλντ
ousawa, оосава
ouyang, оуян
ovanes, ованес
ovanes, հովհաննես
ovcharenko, овчаренко
ovcharov, owtscharow
ovcharov, овчаров
ove, owe
overland, øverland
ovsejenko, ovseyenko
ovsejenko, owsejenko
ovsejenko, овсеенко
ovsepyan, овсепян
ovsepyan, հովսեփյան
ovseyenko, owsejenko
ovseyenko, овсеенко
owada, овада
owada, оовада
owen, οουεν
owen, овен
owen, оуен
owen, оуэн
owen, օուեն
owsejenko, овсеенко
owtscharow, овчаров
oxana, оксана
ozava, ozawa
ozava, одзава
ozava, озава
ozawa, одзава
ozawa, озава
ozkan, озкан
ozora, оодзора
ozturk, озтюрк
ołeh, олег
ołeksa, олекса
ołeksandr, александр
ołeksandr, олександр
ołeksandr, ալեքսանդր
ołena, елена
ołena, олена
pab, papa
pab, papez
pab, paus
pab, pave
pab, pope
pab, παπας
pab, папа
pablo, pal
pablo, paolo
pablo, pau
pablo, paul
pablo, paulo
pablo, paulus
pablo, pavel
pablo, paweł
pablo, παμπλο
pablo, παυλος
pablo, пабло
pablo, павел
pablo, павле
pablo, павло
pablo, պաբլո
pablo, პავლე
pac, pacas
pac, пац
pacas, пац
pace, паке
pacha, pasa
pacha, pascha
pacha, pasha
pacha, pasja
pacha, passa
pacha, pasza
pacha, πασας
pacha, паша
pacha, փաշա
pacha, ფაშა
pacheco, пачеко
pacheco, пашеко
pacheco, пашеку
pachomov, пахомов
padoue, padova
padoue, padua
padova, padua
paetus, pet
paetus, petao
paetus, peto
paetus, пет
pagan, payen
page, пејџ
page, փեյջ
pagel, пагель
pages, пахес
pak, park
pak, пак
pakhomov, пахомов
pal, pau
pal, paul
pal, pavel
pal, paweł
pal, павел
pal, павле
pal, пал
palaeologus, paleolog
paleolog, paleologo
paleolog, палеолог
paleologo, палеолог
palts, ponts
pam, pamela
panchen, панчен
panchenko, panczenko
panchenko, pantschenko
panchenko, pantsjenko
panchenko, панченко
panchev, панчев
pancho, panco
pancho, панчо
panco, панчо
pancrate, pancrates
pancrate, pankrates
pancrates, pankrates
panczenko, pantsjenko
panczenko, панченко
panfjorov, панферов
pang, пан
pankov, панков
pankova, pankowa
pankova, панкова
pankow, панков
pankowa, панкова
pankratov, pankratow
pankratov, панкратов
pankratova, pankratowa
pankratova, панкратова
pankratow, панкратов
pankratowa, панкратова
panov, panow
panov, панов
panow, панов
pantschenko, pantsjenko
pantschenko, панченко
pantsjenko, панченко
pantsjev, панчев
paolo, pau
paolo, paul
paolo, paullus
paolo, paulo
paolo, paulus
paolo, pavel
paolo, paweł
paolo, παυλος
paolo, павел
paolo, павле
paolo, павло
paolo, паоло
paolo, пауль
papa, pape
papa, papez
papa, papst
papa, paus
papa, pave
papa, pope
papa, pyha
papa, παπας
papa, папа
papa, պապ
papadopoulos, παπαδοπουλος
papageorgopoulos, παπαγεωργοπουλος
papastavrou, παπασταυρου
papatheodorou, παπαθεοδωρου
pape, παπας
pape, папа
papez, papst
papez, paus
papez, pave
papez, pope
papez, pyha
papez, παπας
papez, папа
papez, պապ
papst, paus
papst, pave
papst, pope
papst, παπας
papst, папа
paraskeva, paraskewa
paraskeva, параскева
paraskevas, παρασκευας
paraskewa, параскева
parchomenko, parkhomenko
parchomenko, пархоменко
parfjonov, парфенов
parfjonow, parfyonov
parfjonow, парфенов
parfyonov, парфенов
park, parkova
park, пак
park, парк
park, պակ
park, փակ
parker, parkerova
parker, паркер
parkhomenko, пархоменко
parma, parme
parma, παρμας
parme, παρμας
parmenska, пармская
parmska, παρμας
parmska, пармская
parsacuteno, parsakoutenos
partus, պարթեւ
pasa, pascha
pasa, pasha
pasa, pashe
pasa, pasja
pasa, passa
pasa, pasza
pasa, paxa
pasa, πασα
pasa, πασας
pasa, паша
pasa, փաշա
pasa, ფაშა
pasayev, pashayev
pascha, pasha
pascha, pasja
pascha, passa
pascha, pasza
pascha, πασας
pascha, паша
pascha, փաշա
pascha, ფაშა
paschtschenko, pashchenko
pascual, пасквал
pasha, pashe
pasha, pasja
pasha, passa
pasha, pasza
pasha, paxa
pasha, πασα
pasha, πασας
pasha, паша
pasha, փաշա
pasha, ფაშა
pashayev, пашаев
pashayev, пашаєв
pashe, паша
pashe, ფაშა
pasja, passa
pasja, pasza
pasja, πασας
pasja, паша
pasja, փաշա
pasja, ფაშა
passa, pasza
passa, πασας
passa, паша
passa, փաշա
passa, ფაშა
pasza, πασας
pasza, паша
pasza, փաշա
pasza, ფაშა
paterculus, патеркул
paterno, paternus
paterno, патерн
paternus, патерн
pathak, патхак
pau, paul
pau, paulus
pau, paweł
pau, παυλος
pau, павел
pau, павло
paul, paullus
paul, paulo
paul, paulos
paul, pauls
paul, paulus
paul, pavel
paul, pavol
paul, pawel
paul, paweł
paul, pawoł
paul, phaolo
paul, pol
paul, παυλος
paul, πολ
paul, павел
paul, павле
paul, павло
paul, паул
paul, пауль
paul, пол
paul, поль
paul, պաուլ
paul, պավել
paul, პავლე
paule, paullus
paule, paulo
paule, павел
paullo, paullus
paullo, paulo
paullus, paulo
paullus, paulus
paullus, павел
paullus, павло
paulo, paulus
paulo, pavel
paulo, paweł
paulo, παυλος
paulo, павел
paulo, павле
paulo, павло
paulo, паоло
paulos, παυλος
paulos, павло
paulus, paweł
paulus, παουλους
paulus, παυλος
paulus, павел
paulus, павло
paulus, пауль
paulus, паулюс
paus, pave
paus, pope
paus, pyha
paus, παπας
paus, папа
paus, պապ
pave, pope
pave, pyha
pave, παπας
pave, папа
pave, պապ
pavel, pavelas
pavel, pavlo
pavel, pawel
pavel, paweł
pavel, pawło
pavel, παβελ
pavel, παυλος
pavel, павел
pavel, павле
pavel, павло
pavel, պավել
pavel, პავლე
pavelas, pawel
pavelas, павел
pavels, павел
pavle, παβλε
pavle, павле
pavle, павло
pavlenko, pawlenko
pavlenko, павленко
pavlo, pawlo
pavlo, pawło
pavlo, павел
pavlo, павло
pavlopoulos, παυλοπουλος
pavlopoulos, павлопулос
pavlos, pawlos
pavlos, παυλος
pavlos, павлос
pavlov, pawlow
pavlov, pawłow
pavlov, павлов
pavlov, պավլով
pawan, паван
pawel, paweł
pawel, παβελ
pawel, павел
pawel, павло
pawel, պավել
pawel, პავლე
paweł, παβελ
paweł, παυλος
paweł, павел
paweł, павле
paweł, павло
paweł, паул
paweł, пауль
paweł, պավել
paweł, პავლე
pawlak, павляк
pawlenko, павленко
pawlo, pawło
pawlo, павел
pawlo, павло
pawlow, pawłow
pawlow, павлов
pawlowa, pawłowa
pawło, павел
pawło, павло
pawłow, павлов
peder, per
peder, petrus
pedo, pedon
pedo, педон
pedon, педон
pedr, pedro
pedr, pere
pedr, petr
pedr, petro
pedr, петар
pedr, петр
pedr, პეტრე
pedro, pere
pedro, pero
pedro, petar
pedro, peter
pedro, petr
pedro, petro
pedro, petros
pedro, petru
pedro, petrus
pedro, pjotr
pedro, πεντρο
pedro, πετρος
pedro, педро
pedro, педру
pedro, петар
pedro, петр
pedro, петро
pedro, петър
pedro, пьер
pedro, пьетро
pedro, պեդրո
pedro, პედრო
pedro, პეტრე
peducaeus, peduceo
peeter, petrus
peggy, πεγκυ
pelageja, pelageya
pelageja, пелагея
pelageya, пелагея
pelle, per
peltzer, pelzer
penchev, пенчев
pencheva, пенчева
pencho, пенчо
peng, пенг
peng, пэн
penne, pennus
penne, peno
penne, пен
pennus, peno
pennus, пен
peno, пен
penzoldt, пенцольдт
per, peter
perche, перш
pere, peter
pere, petr
pere, petro
pere, petru
pere, petrus
pere, πετρος
pere, педро
pere, петар
pere, петр
pere, петро
pere, петър
pere, пьер
pere, пьетро
pere, պեդրո
pere, პედრო
pere, პეტრე
perec, peretz
perec, perez
perec, перец
perepeczko, перепечко
peretz, perez
perez, περεθ
perez, перес
perez, պերես
pergam, pergamon
pergame, pergamon
pergamo, pergamon
pergamon, pergamum
permjakov, пермяков
permjakova, пермякова
perot, перо
perpetuo, perpetuus
perrot, перро
perse, περσης
perss, persson
peshekhonov, пешехонов
peshev, пешев
peshkova, пешкова
peskov, peskow
peskov, песков
peskow, песков
pet, petao
pet, peto
pet, пет
petao, peto
petao, пет
petar, peter
petar, petr
petar, πετρος
petar, петар
petar, петр
petar, петро
pete, peter
peter, petr
peter, petras
peter, petros
peter, petru
peter, petrus
peter, pjeter
peter, pjotr
peter, pyotr
peter, πετρος
peter, педро
peter, петар
peter, петер
peter, петр
peter, петро
peter, петър
peter, пьер
peter, пьотър
peter, պյոտր
peter, პედრო
peter, პეტრე
peters, petersova
petja, petya
petja, петя
petkov, petkow
petkov, петков
petkova, petkowa
petkova, петкова
petkow, петков
petkowa, петкова
peto, пет
petoechov, петухов
petr, petro
petr, petru
petr, petrus
petr, pjotr
petr, pyotr
petr, πετρος
petr, петар
petr, петр
petr, петро
petr, петър
petr, пьотър
petr, պյոտր
petr, პეტრე
petras, πετρος
petras, петр
petras, петро
petro, pjotr
petro, pyotr
petro, петар
petro, петр
petro, петро
petro, петър
petro, პეტრე
petros, πετρος
petrov, petrovas
petrov, petrow
petrov, петров
petrov, պետրով
petrova, petrovova
petrova, petrowa
petrova, петрова
petrovas, petrow
petrovas, петров
petrovna, petrowna
petrovna, петровна
petrovova, петрова
petrow, петров
petrow, պետրով
petrowa, петрова
petrowna, петровна
petru, petrus
petru, πετρος
petru, петар
petru, петр
petru, петро
petru, петър
petrus, πετρος
petrus, педро
petrus, петар
petrus, петер
petrus, петр
petrus, петро
petrus, петър
petrus, պետեր
petrus, პეტრე
petukhov, петухов
petya, петя
petzold, петцольд
pfalz, пфалц
pfalz, пфальц
phaedrus, phedre
phaolo, павел
phaolo, павло
phaolo, პავლე
pharnaces, pharnakes
phocas, phokas
phocas, φωκας
phocas, фока
phocas, ფოკა
phokas, φωκας
phokas, фока
phokas, ფოკა
phuong, фан
pjotr, pyotr
pjotr, петар
pjotr, петр
pjotr, петро
pjotr, пьотър
pjotr, պյոտր
pjotr, პეტრე
plamen, płamen
plamen, пламен
planch, planchon
plantagenet, plantageneto
plantagenet, плантагенет
plantageneto, плантагенет
plato, platon
plato, платон
platon, płaton
platon, платон
platonov, platonow
platonov, płatonow
platonov, платонов
platonow, платонов
plechanov, плеханов
plechanow, плеханов
plekhanov, плеханов
pletnjowa, pletnyova
pletnyova, плетнева
pletnyova, плетньова
plonka, płonka
plumb, пламб
poddubny, poddubnyj
pogorelov, погорелов
pogrebnjak, погребняк
pokrovskaja, покровская
polakow, poljakov
polakow, poljakow
polakow, polyakov
polakow, поляков
polakowa, полякова
poland, polen
poland, pologne
polemo, polemon
polemo, polemone
polemo, полемон
polemon, polemone
polemon, полемон
polemone, полемон
polen, pologne
poletajew, poletayev
poletajew, полетаев
poletayev, полетаев
polezhayev, полежаев
polezjaev, полежаев
polgar, πολγκαρ
polgar, полгар
poljakov, poljakow
poljakov, polyakov
poljakov, поляков
poljakova, polyakova
poljakova, полякова
poljakow, polyakov
poljakow, поляков
poljakowa, polyakova
poljakowa, полякова
polo, polos
polo, polus
polos, polus
polotsk, πολοτσκ
polukarov, полукаров
polyakov, поляков
polyakova, полякова
pomerantsev, померанцев
pomorska, померанская
ponc, ponce
ponc, pons
ponc, понс
ponce, pons
ponomarev, ponomarjov
ponomarev, ponomarjow
ponomarev, ponomaryov
ponomarev, пономарев
ponomarjov, ponomarjow
ponomarjov, ponomaryov
ponomarjov, пономарев
ponomarjov, пономарьов
ponomarjova, ponomaryova
ponomarjova, пономарева
ponomarjow, ponomaryov
ponomarjow, пономарев
ponomarjow, пономарьов
ponomarjowa, пономарева
ponomaryov, пономарев
ponomaryova, пономарева
pons, пон
pont, ponto
pont, pontos
pont, pontus
ponto, pontos
ponto, pontus
ponto, ποντου
pontos, pontus
pontos, ποντου
pontus, ποντου
pope, pyha
pope, παπας
pope, папа
pope, պապ
popkov, popkow
popkov, попков
popkow, попков
popov, popow
popov, ποποφ
popov, попов
popov, պոպով
popova, popowa
popova, попова
popova, պոպովա
popovas, popow
popow, ποποφ
popow, попов
popow, պոպով
popowa, попова
popowa, պոպովա
poppo, poppon
poppo, попо
porosz, preussen
porosz, preußen
porosz, prusse
porsche, порше
pospelov, pospelow
pospelov, поспелов
pospelov, поспєлов
pospelow, поспелов
postum, postumo
postum, постум
postumo, postumus
postumo, постум
postumus, постум
potapov, potapow
potapov, потапов
potapova, potapowa
potapova, потапова
potapow, потапов
potapowa, потапова
poul, povl
powell, павелл
powell, пауъл
powell, пауэлл
pozdnjakov, поздняков
pozdnyakov, поздняков
pozdnyakova, позднякова
poznjak, позняк
poznyak, позняк
pozzo, поццо
praetextatus, pretestato
praetextatus, pretextat
praetextatus, претекстат
prager, прагер
prakash, пракаш
praskovja, прасковья
praskovya, прасковья
praskowja, прасковья
prasolov, prassolow
prasolov, прасолов
prassolow, прасолов
premysl, przemysł
presnyakov, пресняков
pretestato, pretextat
pretestato, претекстат
pretextat, претекстат
preussen, preußen
preussen, pruska
preussen, prusky
preussen, prusse
preussen, пруска
preussen, прусская
preussen, прусська
preussen, пруська
preußen, pruska
preußen, prusky
preußen, prusse
preußen, пруска
preußen, прусская
preußen, прусська
preußen, пруська
prevost, prevot
probo, probus
probo, проб
probus, проб
prochazka, прохазка
prochor, прохор
prochorov, prokhorov
prochorov, прохоров
prochorow, prokhorov
prochorow, прохоров
prochorowa, prokhorova
prochorowa, прохорова
procle, proclo
procle, proclus
procle, proklos
proclo, proclus
proclo, proklos
proclo, προκλος
proclus, proklos
proclus, προκλος
procul, proculo
procul, proculus
procul, прокул
proculo, proculus
proculo, прокул
proculus, прокул
prokhorov, прохоров
prokhorova, прохорова
proklos, προκλος
prokof, прокоф
prokofjev, prokofyev
prokofjev, прокофьев
prokofjew, прокоф
prokofjew, прокофьев
prokofyev, прокофьев
prokopchuk, прокопчук
prokopjewa, prokopyeva
protasov, протасов
protassow, протасов
protopopow, протопопов
protsenko, проценко
provenca, provence
provenca, provenza
provenca, прованская
provence, provenza
provence, прованская
provenza, прованская
prozor, prozoras
prozor, прозор
prozoras, прозор
pruska, prusse
pruska, пруска
pruska, прусская
pruska, прусська
pruska, пруська
prusky, prusse
prusse, пруска
prusse, прусская
prusse, прусська
prusse, пруська
przemek, przemysław
przemysl, przemysł
przemyslaw, przemysław
ptolemaeus, ptolemaj
ptolemaeus, ptolemee
ptolemaeus, ptolemejas
ptolemaeus, ptolemeu
ptolemaeus, ptolemeusz
ptolemaeus, ptolemy
ptolemaeus, ptolomeo
ptolemaeus, ptolomeu
ptolemaeus, птолемеј
ptolemaeus, პტოლემე
ptolemaj, ptolemee
ptolemaj, ptolemejas
ptolemaj, ptolemeu
ptolemaj, ptolemeusz
ptolemaj, ptolemy
ptolemaj, ptolomeo
ptolemaj, птолемеј
ptolemaj, პტოლემე
ptolemee, ptolemejas
ptolemee, ptolemeu
ptolemee, ptolemeusz
ptolemee, ptolemy
ptolemee, ptolomeo
ptolemee, ptolomeu
ptolemee, tolomeo
ptolemee, птолемеј
ptolemee, პტოლემე
ptolemejas, ptolemeu
ptolemejas, ptolemeusz
ptolemejas, ptolemy
ptolemejas, ptolomeo
ptolemejas, ptolomeu
ptolemejas, птолемеј
ptolemejas, პტოლემე
ptolemeu, ptolemeusz
ptolemeu, ptolemy
ptolemeu, ptolomeo
ptolemeu, ptolomeu
ptolemeu, tolomeo
ptolemeu, птолемеј
ptolemeu, პტოლემე
ptolemeusz, ptolemy
ptolemeusz, ptolomeo
ptolemeusz, ptolomeu
ptolemeusz, птолемеј
ptolemeusz, პტოლემე
ptolemy, ptolomeo
ptolemy, ptolomeu
ptolemy, tolomeo
ptolemy, птолемеј
ptolemy, პტოლემე
ptolomeo, ptolomeu
ptolomeo, птолемеј
ptolomeo, პტოლემე
ptolomeu, პტოლემე
puchkov, putschkow
puchkov, пучков
pugachyov, пугачев
pugh, пью
pujol, пужоль
pujol, пухоль
pulcher, pulcre
pulcher, pulcro
pulcher, pulquer
pulcher, пулхер
pulcher, пульхр
pulcra, пульхра
pulcre, pulcro
pulcre, пулхер
pulcre, пульхр
pulcro, pulquer
pulcro, пулхер
pulcro, пульхр
pulquer, пулхер
punch, панч
pushkov, пушков
putschkow, пучков
pyha, παπας
pyha, папа
pyha, պապ
pyotr, петар
pyotr, петр
pyotr, петро
pyotr, пьотър
pyotr, պյոտր
pyotr, პეტრე
pythagoras, πυθαγορας
płamen, пламен
płaton, платон
płatonow, платонов
quadrato, quadratus
quadrato, квадрат
quadratus, квадрат
quandt, квандт
quarto, quartus
qub, yaqub
qub, якуб
queen, ванху
queremo, херемон
querfurt, кверфурт
qızı, кызы
rab, rav
rachael, rachel
rachel, rahel
rachel, raquel
rachel, рахель
rachel, рашель
rachel, ռեյչել
racheva, рачева
radcenko, radczenko
radchenko, radczenko
radchenko, radtschenko
radchenko, radtsjenko
radchenko, радченко
radczenko, радченко
radev, radew
radev, радев
radeva, radewa
radeva, радева
radew, радев
radewa, радева
radoslav, radoslaw
radoslav, radosław
radoslav, радослав
radoslaw, radosław
radoslaw, радослав
radosław, радослав
radtschenko, радченко
radtsjenko, радченко
radu, ραντου
radu, раду
rafa, rafael
rafa, рафа
rafa, рафаел
rafa, рафаэль
rafael, rafał
rafael, raphael
rafael, ραφαελ
rafael, рафа
rafael, рафаел
rafael, рафаель
rafael, рафаэль
rafael, ռաֆայել
rafael, რაფაელ
rafal, rafał
rafal, рафал
rafał, raphael
rafał, рафал
raghunatha, рагхунатха
ragnar, рагнар
ragnar, ռագնար
rahja, рахья
rahman, рахман
raj, рај
raj, ռաջ
raja, rajah
raja, ռաջա
rajmund, ramon
rajmund, raymond
rajmund, ραυμονδος
rajmund, рамон
rajmund, рајмунд
rakesh, ракеш
rakhmanova, рахманова
rakov, rakow
rakov, раков
rakow, раков
ralph, raoul
ralph, rudolf
ralph, ральф
ralph, рауль
ramesh, рамеш
ramesse, ramesses
ramesse, ramses
ramesse, ramzes
ramesses, ramses
ramesses, ramzes
ramon, raymond
ramon, ραυμονδος
ramon, рамон
ramon, рајмунд
ramses, ramzes
ran, жань
randall, randy
randall, рэндалл
rangelova, rangelowa
rao, жао
raoul, рауль
raphael, рафаел
raphael, рафал
rasch, раш
rashad, rəsad
rashad, рашад
rasskazov, рассказов
rasul, расул
rasumow, razumov
rasumow, разумов
rath, рат
rathbone, рэтбоун
rauch, раух
raul, ραουλ
raul, рауль
rausch, рауш
ray, реј
ray, ռեյ
raymond, ραυμονδος
raymond, рамон
raymond, рајмунд
raymond, ремон
raymond, ռայմոն
razoemovskaja, razumovskaya
razoemovskaja, разумовская
razumov, разумов
razumovskaya, разумовская
razzak, razzaq
rebecca, ρεμπεκα
rebecca, ребекка
rebecca, ревекка
rechberg, рехберг
recka, грецька
reclus, реклю
reclus, ռեկլյու
red, rouge
regel, регель
regener, регенер
regolo, regul
regolo, regulo
regolo, regulus
regolo, регул
regul, regulo
regul, regulus
regul, регул
regulo, regulus
regulo, регул
regulus, регул
ren, zen
ren, жень
ren, жэнь
renald, renaud
renard, ренар
renata, renee
renato, rene
renaud, ρενω
renaud, рено
rene, рене
renee, рене
renzo, ренцо
restout, ресту
rethel, ρετελ
rethel, ретель
revaz, rewas
revaz, rewaz
revaz, реваз
revaz, ռեւազ
revaz, რევაზ
reventlow, ревентлов
rewas, რევაზ
rexhep, реджеп
rezso, реже
rhodes, rhodos
rhodes, rhodu
rhodes, rodas
rhodes, rodos
rhodes, ροουντς
rhodes, родс
rhodes, роудс
rhodu, rodos
rjabov, ryabov
rjabov, рябов
rjabova, ryabova
rjabova, рябова
rjabowa, ryabova
rjabowa, рябова
rjabtsev, ryabtsev
rjabtsev, рябцев
rjazanov, ryazanov
rjazanov, рязанов
rjoko, ryoko
rjoko, реко
rjota, ryota
rjota, ryouta
rjota, рета
rjota, рьота
rjota, рјота
rju, ryu
rju, ryuu
rjuzo, ryuzo
rjuzo, рюдзо
rjuzo, рюзо
rjuzo, рјузо
roach, роач
roach, роуч
rob, ρομπ
rob, роб
rob, ռոբ
robert, robertas
robert, roberto
robert, roberts
robert, robertus
robert, robrecht
robert, rupert
robert, ruprecht
robert, ροβερτος
robert, ρομπερ
robert, ρομπερτ
robert, робер
robert, роберт
robert, робърт
robert, рупрехт
robert, ռոբեր
robert, ռոբերտ
robert, რობერ
robert, რობერტ
robertas, ρομπερτ
robertas, роберт
robertas, робърт
robertas, ռոբերտ
robertas, რობერტ
roberto, robrecht
roberto, rupert
roberto, ruprecht
roberto, ροβερτος
roberto, ρομπερτο
roberto, робер
roberto, роберт
roberto, роберто
roberto, рупрехт
roberto, ռոբերտ
roberto, ռոբերտո
roberts, ρομπερτς
roberts, роберт
roberts, робертс
roberts, робъртс
roberts, ռոբերտս
robertson, ρομπερτσον
robrecht, роберт
robson, ρομπσον
robson, робсон
rocard, рокар
roch, рох
rocha, роча
rocha, роша
roche, ρος
roche, рош
roche, роше
rochelle, рошель
rochon, рошон
rochus, рохус
rockwell, ροκγουελ
rockwell, роквелл
rockwell, роквэлл
rockwell, рокуэлл
rockwell, ռոքուել
rod, rodney
rod, ροντ
rod, род
rodgers, rogers
rodgers, роџерс
rodney, род
rodolf, rodolfo
rodolf, rodolphe
rodolf, rudolf
rodolf, rudolph
rodolf, ροδολφος
rodolf, рудолф
rodolf, рудольф
rodolfo, rodolphe
rodolfo, rudolf
rodolfo, rudolph
rodolfo, ροδολφος
rodolfo, рудолф
rodolfo, рудольф
rodolphe, rudolf
rodolphe, rudolph
rodolphe, ροδολφος
rodolphe, рудолф
rodolphe, рудольф
rodolphus, rudolf
roel, roelof
roemjantsev, rumjantsev
roemjantsev, rumjanzew
roemjantsev, rumyantsev
roemjantsev, румянцев
roeslan, ruslan
roeslan, rusłan
roeslan, руслан
roger, rogers
roger, ruggero
roger, ρογηρος
roger, ροτζερ
roger, рогер
roger, роджер
roger, роджър
roger, роже
roger, рожер
roger, роџер
roger, ռոջեր
roger, როჯერ
rogov, rogow
rogow, рогов
rohan, ροαν
rohan, роган
rojas, рохас
rojo, рохо
roland, ρολαν
roland, ролан
roland, роланд
rolands, роланд
rolf, rudolf
rolf, рудольф
rolland, ролан
rolland, роллан
rom, roman
rom, romano
rom, rome
roma, roman
roma, romano
roma, romanus
roma, rome
roma, ρωμανος
roma, роман
roman, romano
roman, romanus
roman, roomse
roman, ρωμανος
roman, роман
romanas, роман
romanchenko, романченко
romanchuk, romanczuk
romanchuk, романчук
romanczuk, романчук
romano, romanos
romano, romanus
romano, roomse
romano, ρωμανος
romano, роман
romanos, ρωμανος
romanos, роман
romanov, romanow
romanov, романов
romanova, romanowa
romanova, романова
romanow, романов
romanowa, романова
romanowna, романовна
romans, роман
romanus, ρωμανος
romanus, роман
romolo, romulus
romolo, ромул
romuald, romualdas
romuald, ромуальд
romulo, romulus
romulo, ромул
romulus, ромул
ronald, ροναλντ
ronald, роналд
ronald, рональд
ronald, ռոնալդ
roosevelt, ρουζβελτ
roosevelt, рузвельт
roosevelt, ռուզվելտ
rosanow, rozanov
rosanow, розанов
roschal, roshal
roschal, рошаль
roschkow, rozhkov
roschkow, рожков
rosenberg, rozmberk
rosenberg, rozmberka
rosenberg, рожмберка
rosenberg, розенберг
rosenbluth, розенблют
rosenborg, ροσενμπορκ
rosenow, розенов
rosenstock, розеншток
rosental, rosenthal
rosenthal, ροζενταλ
rosenthal, розентал
rosenthal, розенталь
roshal, rosjal
roshal, рошаль
roshan, рошан
rosjal, рошаль
rostovtsev, ростовцев
roszal, рошаль
roth, ροτ
roth, рот
roth, ռոթ
roth, ռոտ
rothe, роте
rothemund, ротемунд
rotruda, rotrude
rotruda, ротруда
rotrude, ротруда
rouslan, ruslan
rouslan, rusłan
rouslan, руслан
roussel, пассел
rousselet, русселе
roux, пьер
rovere, ροβερε
rovere, ровере
rovshan, ровшан
rowan, ровен
rowan, роуън
rowan, роуэн
rowan, ռոուեն
rowena, ровена
roy, рој
roy, ռոյ
rozanov, розанов
rozhdestvenskaya, рождественская
rozhdestvenskaya, рождественська
rozhkov, rozjkov
rozhkov, рожков
rozjkov, рожков
rozmberk, rozmberka
rozmberka, рожмберка
ruben, ρουμπεν
ruben, рубен
ruben, ռուբեն
rubens, рубенс
rudakow, рудаков
rudolf, rudolfas
rudolf, rudolph
rudolf, ροδολφος
rudolf, ρουντολφ
rudolf, ральф
rudolf, рудолф
rudolf, рудольф
rudolf, ռուդոլֆ
rudolf, რუდოლფ
rudolfas, rudolph
rudolfas, рудольф
rudolfs, рудольф
rudolph, ροδολφος
rudolph, ρουντολφ
rudolph, рудолф
rudolph, рудольф
rudolph, ռուդոլֆ
rudolstadt, рудолщат
ruf, rufo
ruf, rufus
ruf, ρουφος
ruf, руф
rufo, rufus
rufo, ρουφος
rufo, руф
rufus, ρουφος
rufus, руф
rugambwa, ругамбва
ruge, руге
ruggero, ρογηρος
rumjana, rumyana
rumjana, румяна
rumjantsev, rumjanzew
rumjantsev, rumyantsev
rumjantsev, румянцев
rumjantseva, румянцева
rumjanzew, rumyantsev
rumjanzew, румянцев
rumyana, румяна
rumyantsev, румянцев
rumyantseva, румянцева
runge, рунге
rupert, ruperto
rupert, ruprecht
rupert, ρουπρεχτ
rupert, руперт
rupert, рупрехт
ruperto, ruprecht
ruperto, рупрехт
ruprecht, ρουπρεχτ
ruprecht, руперт
ruprecht, рупрехт
rusev, русев
ruseva, russewa
ruseva, русева
rush, раш
rushan, рушан
ruslan, ruslanas
ruslan, ruszlan
ruslan, rusłan
ruslan, руслан
ruslan, ռուսլան
ruslanas, руслан
russ, russell
russ, рассел
russell, rusty
russell, рассел
russell, расселл
russewa, русева
ruszlan, руслан
rusłan, руслан
rusłan, ռուսլան
rut, ruth
rut, рут
rutger, рутгер
ruth, ρουθ
ruth, рут
ruth, руфь
ruth, ռութ
ruth, რუთ
rutherford, радерфорд
rutherford, рутерфорд
ryabchuk, рябчук
ryabov, рябов
ryabova, рябова
ryabtsev, рябцев
ryan, раян
ryan, раєн
ryan, рајан
ryan, ռայան
ryazanov, рязанов
rybakov, rybakow
rybakov, рыбаков
rybakow, рыбаков
ryo, ryou
ryoko, реко
ryosuke, ryousuke
ryota, ryouta
ryota, рета
ryota, рьота
ryota, рјота
ryouta, рета
ryouta, рьота
ryouta, рјота
ryouzou, ryozo
ryouzou, редзо
ryozo, редзо
ryszard, рышард
ryu, ryuu
ryuuzou, ryuzo
ryuuzou, рюдзо
ryuzo, рюдзо
ryuzo, рюзо
ryuzo, рјузо
ryzhkov, рыжков
ryzhov, рыжов
ryzhova, рыжова
rzewuska, ржевуская
saarbrucken, sarrebruck
saarbrucken, ζααρμπρυκεν
saarbrucken, саарбрюкен
saba, sawa
saba, сава
saba, савва
saban, shaban
saban, шабан
sabela, spanyol
sabo, szabo
saboya, savojen
saboya, savoy
saboya, savoye
saboya, savoyen
saboya, савоя
sacerdos, sacerdote
sacha, саша
sachar, zakhar
sachar, захар
sacharov, sakharov
sacharov, сахаров
sacharow, saharov
sacharow, sakharov
sacharow, zacharov
sacharow, zacharow
sacharow, zakharov
sacharow, захаров
sacharow, сахаров
sacharowa, zacharova
sacharowa, zakharova
sacharowa, захарова
sachartschenko, zakharchenko
sachko, сачко
sachkov, сачков
sachsen, saksen
sachsen, saska
sachsen, sasko
sachsen, sasky
sachsen, saxa
sachsen, saxe
sachsen, saxony
sachsen, szasz
sachsen, σαξ
sachsen, σαξεν
sachsen, сакс
sachsen, саксен
sacre, цар
sadakazu, садакадзу
sadovskaya, садовская
sadulaev, sadulayev
sadulaev, садулаев
sadulajev, sadulajew
sadulajev, sadulayev
sadulajev, садулаев
sadulajew, sadulayev
sadulajew, садулаев
sadulayev, sadułajew
sadulayev, садулаев
sadułajew, садулаев
saenko, sajenko
saenko, саенко
saether, sæther
safarjan, сафарян
safarjan, սաֆարյան
safonov, safonow
safonov, сафонов
safonow, сафонов
safronov, safronow
safronov, сафронов
safronow, сафронов
sagawa, сагава
sah, schah
sah, shah
sah, szah
sah, xah
sah, σαχ
sah, шах
sah, շահ
sah, შაჰ
sahagun, саагун
sahak, саак
sahak, սահակ
sahakyan, саакян
sahakyan, սահակյան
saharov, sakharov
saharov, сахаров
sajaka, sayaka
sajaka, саяка
sajenko, саенко
sajenko, саєнко
sakata, szakata
sakata, саката
sakharov, сахаров
sakhno, сахно
saksen, saska
saksen, sasko
saksen, sasky
saksen, saxa
saksen, saxe
saksen, saxony
saksen, szasz
saksen, σαξ
saksen, σαξεν
saksen, сакс
saksen, саксен
sakugawa, сакугава
sakuntala, shakuntala
sakuzo, сакудзо
salamon, salomo
salamon, salomon
salamon, solomon
salawat, салават
sally, sarah
salman, szalman
salman, σαλμαν
salman, салман
salman, սալման
salom, shalom
salom, шалом
salomao, salomo
salomao, salomon
salomao, salomone
salomao, solomon
salomao, соломон
salomeja, саломея
salomo, salomon
salomo, salomone
salomo, slomo
salomo, solomon
salomo, σολομων
salomo, соломон
salomon, salomone
salomon, shlomo
salomon, slomo
salomon, solomon
salomon, σολομων
salomon, саломон
salomon, соломон
salomon, шломо
salomone, solomon
salomone, σολομων
salomone, соломон
saltykov, saltykow
saltykov, салтыков
saltykow, салтыков
saltykowa, салтыкова
saluces, saluzzo
saluces, σαλουτσο
saluces, салуццо
saluzzo, σαλουτσο
saluzzo, салуццо
salva, schalwa
salva, shalva
salva, шалва
salva, შალვა
salvador, salvator
salvador, salvatore
salvador, salwator
salvador, σαλβαδορ
salvator, salvatore
salvator, сальватор
salvatore, σαλβατορε
salvatore, сальватор
salvatore, сальваторе
sam, samuel
sam, σαμ
sam, сам
sam, сем
sam, семюел
sam, сэм
sam, сэмюэл
sam, сэмюэль
sam, սեմ
sam, სემ
samantha, саманта
samantha, սամանտա
samantha, სამანტა
sammy, samuel
samo, samos
samochvalov, samokhvalov
samochvalov, самохвалов
samokhvalov, самохвалов
samson, sanson
samsonov, samsonow
samsonov, самсонов
samsonow, самсонов
samu, samuel
samuel, shmuel
samuel, σαμ
samuel, σαμουελ
samuel, сам
samuel, самуел
samuel, самуель
samuel, самуэль
samuel, самюел
samuel, самюель
samuel, самюэль
samuel, самјуел
samuel, сем
samuel, семюел
samuel, семјуел
samuel, сэм
samuel, сэмюэл
samuel, сэмюэль
samuel, шмуэль
samuel, սամուել
samuel, սամվել
samuel, սեմ
samuel, սեմյուել
samuel, სამუელ
samuel, სემ
samukawa, самукава
samvel, samwel
samvel, самвел
samvel, սամվել
samwel, самвел
samwel, սամվել
sanc, sanche
sanc, sancho
sanc, санчо
sanc, სანჩო
sanca, sancha
sanca, санча
sancha, санча
sanche, sanchez
sanche, sancho
sanche, санчо
sanche, санш
sanche, სანჩო
sanches, sanchez
sanches, санчес
sanchez, σαντσες
sanchez, санчез
sanchez, санчес
sanchez, սանչես
sancho, санчо
sancho, სანჩო
sandra, sandy
sanger, сангер
sanguska, sanguszko
sanguska, сангушко
sanguska, санґушко
sanguszko, сангушко
sanguszko, санґушко
sanja, саня
sanja, сања
sanjuan, санхуан
sankt, sankta
sankt, sant
sankt, santa
sankt, santo
sankt, svata
sankt, svaty
sankt, sveta
sankt, szent
sankt, света
sankt, святая
sankta, santa
sankta, svata
sankta, szent
sankta, света
sankta, святая
sant, santa
sant, santana
sant, santo
sant, shen
sant, svaty
sant, szent
sant, света
santa, sfanta
santa, svata
santa, sveta
santa, szent
santa, света
santa, свята
santa, святая
santo, svaty
santo, szent
santosh, сантош
sanudo, σανουντο
sanzo, сандзо
sapor, shapur
sapunov, sapunow
sapunov, сапунов
sapunow, сапунов
sapur, shahpour
sapur, shapur
sapur, шапур
saraf, sharaf
saraf, шараф
sarat, sharat
sardenha, sardenya
sardenha, szard
sardenya, szard
sarlota, sarolta
sarlota, καρλοτα
sarlota, καρλοττα
sarlota, шарлота
sarlota, шарлотта
sarma, sharma
sarolta, καρλοτα
sarolta, καρλοττα
sarolta, шарлота
sarolta, шарлотта
sarolta, შარლოტა
saron, sharon
sarrebruck, ζααρμπρυκεν
sarrebruck, саарбрюкен
sarukhan, սարուխան
sarychev, sarytschew
sarychev, сарычев
sasa, sasha
sasa, sasja
sasa, sasza
sasa, саша
sasagawa, сасагава
sasazawa, сасадзава
sascha, sasha
sascha, саша
sasha, sasja
sasha, sasza
sasha, σασα
sasha, саша
sasha, սաշա
sashko, сашко
sasho, сашо
sasja, саша
saska, saxe
saska, saxony
saska, szasz
sasko, saxa
sasko, saxe
sasko, szasz
sasko, саксен
sasky, saxe
sasky, saxony
sasky, szasz
sasonow, sazonov
sasonow, сазонов
sasza, саша
sato, satou
sato, szato
sato, сато
satoru, szatoru
satoru, сатору
satou, szato
satou, сато
saud, сауд
saud, սաուդ
saul, schaul
saul, shaul
sava, sawa
sava, сава
sava, савва
savard, савар
savas, σαββας
savcenko, savchenko
savcenko, sawczenko
savcenko, sawtschenko
savcenko, савченко
savchenko, savtsenko
savchenko, savtsjenko
savchenko, sawczenko
savchenko, sawtschenko
savchenko, савченко
savchuk, савчук
saveljev, savelyev
saveljev, saweljew
saveljev, савельев
savelyev, saweljew
savelyev, савельев
savo, саво
savojen, savoy
savojen, savoye
savojen, savoyen
savoy, savoye
savoy, savoyen
savoy, савоя
savoye, savoyen
savoye, савоя
savtchenko, савченко
savtsenko, савченко
savtsjenko, sawczenko
savtsjenko, sawtschenko
savtsjenko, савченко
savva, sawwa
savva, σαββα
savva, сава
savva, савва
savvas, σαββας
sawa, сава
sawa, савва
sawabe, савабэ
sawada, савада
sawako, савако
sawamoto, савамото
sawamura, савамура
sawano, савано
sawayama, саваяма
sawczenko, sawtschenko
sawczenko, савченко
saweljew, савельев
sawjalow, zavjalov
sawjalow, zavyalov
sawjalow, завьялов
sawka, савка
sawtschenko, савченко
sawwa, савва
saxa, saxe
saxa, szasz
saxa, σαξ
saxa, σαξεν
saxa, сакс
saxa, саксен
saxe, saxony
saxe, szasz
saxe, σαξεν
saxe, сакс
saxe, саксен
saxony, szasz
sayaka, саяка
sayf, сејф
sayn, фон
sazonov, сазонов
sazonow, сазонов
sałtykow, салтыков
sbaen, spagna
sbaen, spanje
sbaen, spanyol
scaevola, scevola
scaevola, сцевола
scapula, скапула
scevola, сцевола
schaal, шааль
schaban, shaban
schaban, шабан
schad, шад
schade, шаде
schadow, шадов
schaefer, schafer
schaefer, шефер
schaeffer, шеффер
schafer, шефер
schaffer, шаффер
schaffer, шеффер
schah, shah
schah, xah
schah, шах
schall, шалль
schaller, шаллер
schalom, shalom
schalom, шалом
schalwa, shalva
schalwa, sjalva
schalwa, шалва
schalwa, շալվա
schalwa, შალვა
schana, zhana
schana, жана
schanat, zhanat
schanna, zhanna
schanna, жанна
schanze, шанце
scharf, шарф
scharow, sharov
scharow, sjarov
scharow, жаров
scharow, шаров
schaub, шауб
schauenburg, schaumbourg
schauenburg, schaumburg
schauenburg, шауенбург
schauenburg, шаумбург
schaumbourg, schaumburg
schaumbourg, шаумбург
schaumburg, шаумбург
schdanow, zhdanov
schdanow, жданов
scheel, шеель
scheer, шеер
scheff, шефф
scheffel, шеффель
scheffler, шеффлер
scheler, шелер
schell, шелл
scheller, шеллер
schenck, шенк
schenk, шенк
schenkel, шенкель
schenkman, шенкман
scher, шер
scheremetew, seremetev
scheremetew, sheremetev
scheremetew, sjeremetev
scheremetew, шереметев
scheremetew, шереметєв
scherer, шерер
scherrer, шеррер
schestakow, shestakov
schestakow, шестаков
schewtschenko, shevchenko
schewtschuk, shevchuk
schewtschuk, шевчук
schlaepfer, schlapfer
schlager, шлагер
schlegel, шлегель
schlomo, shlomo
schlomo, slomo
schlomo, szelomo
schlomo, шломо
schlossberg, шлоссберг
schlosser, шлоссер
schlozer, шлецер
schluter, шлютер
schmalfuss, schmalfuß
schmuel, shmuel
schmutzer, schmuzer
schnabel, шнабель
schneeberger, шнеебергер
schnell, шнелл
schober, шобер
schoenenberger, schonenberger
scholl, σολ
scholl, шолль
scholpan, sholpan
scholpan, шолпан
scholtz, scholz
schommer, шоммер
schon, шон
schonberg, шенберг
schonborn, шенборн
schonborn, шьонборн
schone, шене
schoppe, шоппе
schorn, шорн
schota, shota
schota, шота
schott, шотт
schoyen, schøyen
schpak, shpak
schpak, шпак
schrad, schrader
schrader, шрадер
schramm, шрам
schramm, шрамм
schroder, schroderova
schroder, schroeder
schroder, schrøder
schroder, шредер
schroeder, шредер
schroeter, schroter
schroeter, шретер
schroter, шретер
schroth, шрот
schtscherbakow, sjtsjerbakov
schubert, σουμπερτ
schubert, шуберт
schubert, շուբերտ
schuberth, шуберт
schuk, zhuk
schukow, zhukov
schukow, zsukov
schukow, жуков
schukowa, zhukova
schukowa, жукова
schulek, шулек
schulenburg, шуленбург
schuler, шулер
schuler, шюлер
schuller, шуллер
schulman, шульман
schulschenko, shulzhenko
schult, шульт
schulte, шульте
schultz, schulz
schultze, schulze
schulze, шулце
schulze, шульце
schumacher, σουμαχερ
schumacher, шумахер
schumann, σουμαν
schumann, шуман
schumann, шуманн
schumann, շուման
schurmann, шюрман
schust, schuster
schuster, шустер
schutze, шютце
schuwalow, shuvalov
schuwalow, sjuvalov
schuwalow, suvalov
schuwalow, шувалов
schwab, шваб
schwabe, швабе
schwaben, souabe
schwaben, zwaben
schwalm, швальм
schwan, шван
schwartz, schwarz
schwartz, shvarts
schwartz, swartz
schwarz, shvarts
schwarzenb, schwarzenbach
schweden, suede
schweden, sved
schweden, sweden
schweden, zweden
schwedt, σβετ
schwedt, του
schwedt, швет
schwedtska, шведтская
schwenk, швенк
scorsese, скорсезе
scott, skotas
scott, σκοτ
scott, скот
scott, скотт
scrope, скруп
sean, джон
sean, шон
sean, შონ
sebekhotep, sobekhotep
sebekhotep, szobekhotep
sebekhotep, себекхотеп
sebekhotep, სებეხოტებ
secondo, secundus
secondo, segon
secondo, segundo
secondo, секунд
secundo, secundus
secundo, секунд
secundus, segon
secundus, segundo
secundus, секунд
sedov, sedow
sedov, седов
sedow, седов
sedych, sedykh
sedych, седых
sedykh, седых
segawa, сэгава
seger, зегер
seghers, зегерс
segundo, секунд
sehzade, шехзаде
sehzade, շեհզադե
sehzade, შეჰზადე
sekstus, sesto
sekstus, sexto
sekstus, sextus
sekstus, секст
selesnjow, seleznev
selesnjow, seleznyov
selesnjow, селезнев
seleuc, seleuco
seleuc, seleucos
seleuc, seleucus
seleuc, seleukos
seleuc, selevkos
seleuc, szeleukosz
seleuc, σελευκος
seleuc, селевк
seleuco, seleucos
seleuco, seleucus
seleuco, seleukos
seleuco, selevkos
seleuco, szeleukosz
seleuco, σελευκος
seleuco, селевк
seleucos, seleucus
seleucos, seleukos
seleucos, selevkos
seleucos, szeleukosz
seleucos, σελευκος
seleucos, селевк
seleucus, seleukos
seleucus, selevkos
seleucus, szeleukosz
seleucus, σελευκος
seleucus, селевк
seleukos, selevkos
seleukos, szeleukosz
seleukos, σελευκος
seleukos, селевк
selevkos, szeleukosz
selevkos, σελευκος
selevkos, селевк
seleznev, seleznyov
seleznev, селезнев
seleznjov, seleznyov
seleznjov, селезнев
seleznyov, селезнев
selomo, solomon
seltzer, зельцер
sembat, smbat
sembat, смбат
sembat, սմբատ
semen, semjon
semen, semyon
semen, семен
semen, семьон
semen, семјон
semen, սեմյոն
semenchenko, семенченко
semenjuk, семенюк
semenov, semjonov
semenov, semjonow
semenov, semyonov
semenov, семенов
semenov, սեմյոնով
semjon, semyon
semjon, szemjon
semjon, семен
semjon, семьон
semjon, семјон
semjon, սեմյոն
semjonov, semjonow
semjonov, semyonov
semjonov, семенов
semjonov, սեմյոնով
semjonova, semjonowa
semjonova, semyonova
semjonova, семенова
semjonovna, semjonowna
semjonovna, semyonovna
semjonovna, семеновна
semjonow, semyonov
semjonow, семенов
semjonowa, semyonova
semjonowa, семенова
semjonowna, semyonovna
semjonowna, семеновна
semyon, szemjon
semyon, семен
semyon, семьон
semyon, семјон
semyon, սեմյոն
semyonov, семенов
semyonov, սեմյոնով
semyonova, семенова
semyonovna, семеновна
sen, shen
senarco, xenarc
senba, сэмба
seng, sheng
senge, сэнгэ
senocle, xenocles
senocrate, xenocrates
senofonte, xenofont
senofonte, xenophon
senofonte, ξενοφων
sensho, сэнсе
senzo, сэндзо
seong, song
seong, sung
seong, сон
seoras, ჯორჯ
serban, σερμπαν
serdjukov, сердюков
serebrjakov, serebryakov
serebrjakov, серебряков
serebrjakow, serebryakov
serebrjakow, серебряков
serebryakov, серебряков
seremetev, sheremetev
seremetev, sjeremetev
seremetev, шереметев
seremetev, шереметєв
sereno, serenus
sereno, серен
serge, sergej
serge, sergey
serge, szergej
serge, σερζ
serge, серж
serge, սերգեյ
serge, սերժ
serge, სერჟ
sergeev, sergejev
sergeev, sergejew
sergeev, sergeyev
sergeev, сергеев
sergeeva, сергеева
sergeevna, sergejevna
sergeevna, sergejewna
sergeevna, sergeyevna
sergeevna, szergejevna
sergeevna, сергеевна
sergej, sergejus
sergej, sergey
sergej, sjarhej
sergej, szergej
sergej, сергеј
sergej, սերգեյ
sergejev, sergejew
sergejev, sergeyev
sergejev, сергеев
sergejevna, sergejewna
sergejevna, sergeyevna
sergejevna, szergejevna
sergejevna, сергеевна
sergejew, sergeyev
sergejew, сергеев
sergejew, сергєєв
sergejewa, sergeyeva
sergejewa, сергеева
sergejewna, sergeyevna
sergejewna, szergejevna
sergejewna, сергеевна
sergejus, sergey
sergejus, szergej
sergejus, сергеј
sergejus, սերգեյ
sergey, sjarhej
sergey, syarhey
sergey, szergej
sergey, сергеј
sergey, սերգեյ
sergeyev, сергеев
sergeyev, сергєєв
sergeyeva, сергеева
sergeyevna, szergejevna
sergeyevna, сергеевна
serlo, serlon
serov, serow
serov, серов
serov, сєров
serov, սերով
serow, серов
serow, сєров
serow, սերով
serra, serrano
serrano, серан
serrano, серран
sesto, sext
sesto, sexto
sesto, sextus
sesto, секст
seth, σεθ
seth, сет
seth, սեթ
seumas, ջեյմս
seung, сын
sevak, սեւակ
sevan, սեւան
sevastjanov, севастьянов
sevastos, σεβαστος
sevcenko, sjevtsjenko
sevcenko, szewczenko
sevcenko, шевченко
sevcsenko, шевченко
sevcuk, shevchuk
sevcuk, szewczuk
sevcuk, шевчук
sever, severo
sever, severus
sever, σεβηρος
sever, север
severe, severo
severe, severus
severo, severus
severo, sewer
severo, σεβηρος
severo, север
severus, sewer
severus, σεβηρος
severus, север
sevtsenko, sjevtsjenko
sevtsenko, шевченко
sewer, север
sext, sexto
sext, sextus
sext, секст
sexto, sextus
sexto, секст
sextus, секст
sfanta, svata
sfanta, szent
sfanta, света
sfanta, святая
sforza, σφορτσα
sforza, сфорца
sforza, სფორცა
shaban, шабан
shabanov, sjabanov
shabanov, шабанов
shackleton, шеклтон
shaffer, шаффер
shah, syah
shah, szach
shah, szah
shah, xah
shah, σαχ
shah, шах
shah, շահ
shah, შაჰ
shahen, шаген
shahen, շահեն
shahnazarov, шахназаров
shahnazarov, շահնազարով
shahnazaryan, шахназарян
shahnazaryan, շահնազարյան
shahpour, shapur
shahpour, шапур
shahumyan, շահումյան
shaker, шакер
shakur, шакур
shalev, шалев
shalev, շալեւ
shalom, шалом
shalva, sjalva
shalva, szalwa
shalva, шалва
shalva, շալվա
shalva, შალვა
shams, xams
shams, шамс
shane, շեյն
shang, thuong
shankar, шанкар
shanks, шанкс
shanna, zhanna
shanna, жанна
shannon, шеннон
shannon, шенон
shannon, шэннон
shannon, շենոն
shapkarev, шапкарев
shapoval, шаповал
shapovalov, sjapovalov
shapovalov, шаповалов
shapur, шапур
sharaf, xaraf
sharaf, шараф
sharapov, шарапов
sharma, шарма
sharma, շարմա
sharon, шарон
sharon, шерон
sharon, шэрон
sharonov, шаронов
sharov, sjarov
sharov, шаров
sharp, шарп
sharpe, шарп
shatalov, шаталов
shatov, sjatov
shatov, шатов
shaul, шауль
shaun, шон
shauna, шона
shavkat, шавкат
shaw, шау
shaw, шоу
shaw, շոու
shawn, шон
shawn, шоун
shawn, շոն
shaykh, xaykh
shcherbakov, szczerbakow
shdanow, zhdanov
shdanow, жданов
shefer, шефер
sheffer, шеффер
shehu, шеху
sheldon, шелдон
sheldon, шелдън
sheldon, շելդոն
shelomoh, shlomo
shelton, σελτον
shelton, шелтон
shelton, շելթոն
shem, шем
shemuel, shmuel
shemuel, шмуэль
shen, szent
shen, thanh
shen, шен
shen, шень
shen, шэнь
sheng, шен
sheng, шэн
shengelaya, шенгелая
shengelaya, շենգելայա
shepard, шепард
shepard, шепърд
shepard, շեփարդ
shepel, шепель
shepelev, шепелев
sheppard, σεπαρντ
sheppard, шеппард
sher, шер
sheremet, шеремет
sheremetev, sjeremetev
sheremetev, шереметев
sheremetev, шереметєв
sherman, шерман
sherman, շերման
shestakov, sjestakov
shestakov, шестаков
shevchenko, szewczenko
shevchuk, szewczuk
shevchuk, шевчук
shevchuk, շեւչուկ
shevket, шевкет
shlomo, slomo
shlomo, solomon
shlomo, szelomo
shlomo, шломо
shmelyov, sjmeljov
shmelyov, шмелев
shmuel, smuel
shmuel, szemu
shmuel, шмуель
shmuel, шмуэль
shneur, шнеур
sho, сьо
shoda, shouda
shoda, седа
shodo, седо
shoen, сеэн
shogo, shougo
shogo, сего
shoken, секэн
shoko, shouko
shoko, секо
shoko, сьоко
sholpan, шолпан
shoma, сема
shona, шона
shono, shouno
shono, сено
shonosuke, сеносукэ
shopov, шопов
shor, шор
shore, шор
short, шорт
short, շորթ
shosaku, сесаку
shostak, шостак
shosuke, shousuke
shosuke, сесукэ
shota, shouta
shota, sota
shota, сета
shota, шота
shota, შოთა
shotaro, shoutarou
shotaro, сетаро
shoto, сето
shou, show
shouda, седа
shougo, сего
shouko, секо
shouma, сема
shouno, сено
shousuke, сесукэ
shouta, сета
shoutarou, сетаро
showalter, шоуолтер
shoya, сея
shoyo, сее
shozo, sozo
shozo, седзо
shpak, шпак
shpata, spata
shpata, шпата
shrapnel, шрэпнел
shtern, штерн
shugo, сюго
shuhrat, шухрат
shuker, шукер
shuko, shuuko
shuko, сюко
shukow, zhukov
shukow, жуков
shulga, шульга
shulman, шульман
shum, шум
shumakov, шумаков
shun, сюн
shun, шунь
shungo, сюнго
shunroku, сюнроку
shunsaku, сюнсаку
shunsuke, sunszuke
shunsuke, сюнсукэ
shunta, сюнта
shuntaro, shuntarou
shuntaro, сюнтаро
shuntarou, сюнтаро
shusaku, shuusaku
shusaku, susaku
shusaku, сюсаку
shuster, шустер
shusuke, сюсукэ
shuta, сюта
shutaro, сютаро
shuto, сюто
shutov, шутов
shuuko, сюко
shuusaku, susaku
shuusaku, сюсаку
shuvalov, sjuvalov
shuvalov, suvalov
shuvalov, шувалов
shuya, сюя
shuzo, сюдзо
shvedov, шведов
shvedova, шведова
sjabanov, шабанов
sjachov, шахов
sjalva, шалва
sjalva, შალვა
sjapovalov, шаповалов
sjarhej, syarhey
sjarhej, сергеј
sjarhejeuna, сергеевна
sjarov, шаров
sjatov, шатов
sjeremetev, шереметев
sjestakov, шестаков
sjevtjenko, sjevtsjenko
sjevtjenko, шевченко
sjevtsjenko, шевченко
sjmakov, шмаков
sjmeljov, шмелев
sjurdur, sjurður
sjuvalov, suvalov
sjuvalov, шувалов
skarsgard, скарсгорд
skarsgard, սկարսգորդ
sklavos, σκλαβος
skold, шельд
skorokhodov, скороходов
skotas, σκοτ
skotas, скот
skotas, скотт
skt, svaty
skt, szent
skvortsov, skworzow
skytte, шютте
slack, слэк
slava, слава
slava, սլավա
slavcho, славчо
slavejkov, slaveykov
slaven, славен
slavka, славка
slavko, славко
slavko, սլավկո
slavoljub, славољуб
slavov, славов
slavova, славова
slawa, слава
slađana, слађана
slesarenko, слесаренко
slesarev, слесарев
sloan, слоан
sloan, слоун
sloane, слоан
sloane, слоун
slobodan, слободан
slobodan, սլոբոդան
slomo, solomon
slomo, szelomo
slomo, шломо
slonov, слонов
slott, слот
slovak, словак
sluska, słuszka
sluska, слушка
smal, смаль
small, смол
small, смолл
smart, смарт
smbat, смбат
smbat, սմբատ
smechov, смехов
smeds, смедс
smet, смет
smolev, смолев
smoot, смут
smyrna, smyrne
smyrna, smyrny
smyrne, smyrny
snaer, snær
snell, снелл
sneschana, snezhana
snezana, снежана
snow, сноу
snowden, сноуден
snyder, սնայդեր
sobczak, собчак
sobekhotep, szobekhotep
sobekhotep, себекхотеп
sobekhotep, სებეხოტებ
sobolev, sobolew
sobolev, соболев
sobolev, соболєв
soboleva, sobolewa
soboleva, соболева
sobolew, соболев
sobolew, соболєв
sobolewa, соболева
socrate, socrates
socrate, sokrates
socrates, sokrates
socrates, σωκρατης
socrates, сократ
soderstr, soderstrom
soechanov, суханов
soecharev, сухарев
soechareva, sukhareva
soechareva, сухарева
soechov, sukhov
soechov, сухов
sof, sofja
sof, sofya
sof, софья
sofja, sofya
sofja, софья
sofja, սոֆյա
sofocle, sofocles
sofocle, sophocles
sofocles, sophocles
sofronov, sofronow
sofronov, софронов
sofronow, софронов
sofya, софья
sofya, սոֆյա
soja, zoja
soja, zoya
soja, зоя
soja, զոյա
sojuza, союза
sokolov, sokolow
sokolov, sokołow
sokolov, соколов
sokolov, սոկոլով
sokolova, sokolowa
sokolova, sokołowa
sokolova, соколова
sokolovskaja, соколовская
sokolow, sokołow
sokolow, соколов
sokolow, սոկոլով
sokolowa, sokołowa
sokolowa, соколова
sokołow, соколов
sokołowa, соколова
sokrat, sokrates
sokrat, сократ
sokrates, σωκρατης
sokrates, сократ
solange, соланж
solntsev, solnzew
solntsev, солнцев
solnzew, солнцев
solomon, solomonas
solomon, σολομων
solomon, соломон
solomon, սողոմոն
solomonas, соломон
solov, solovjov
solov, solovyov
solov, sołowjow
solov, соловьев
solovev, solovjov
solovev, соловьев
solovjov, solovyov
solovjov, solowjow
solovjov, sołowjow
solovjov, szolovjov
solovjov, соловьев
solovjov, соловьов
solovjov, սոլովյով
solovjova, соловьева
solovyov, solowjow
solovyov, соловьев
solowjow, соловьев
somer, someren
sommerlath, зоммерлат
sonderbourg, sonderburg
sonderbourg, sønderborg
sonderbourg, σονντερμπουρκ
sonderbourg, зондербург
sonderburg, sønderborg
sonderburg, σονντερμπουρκ
sonderburg, зондербург
song, sung
song, tong
song, сон
song, сун
song, սոնգ
sonja, соня
sonja, соња
sonja, սոնյա
sonnenwalde, зоненвалде
sopho, sopo
sopho, софо
sopo, софо
sorge, зорге
soslan, sosłan
soslan, сослан
sostrat, sostrato
sostrat, sostratos
sostrat, sostratus
sostrato, sostratos
sostrato, sostratus
sostratos, sostratus
sosłan, сослан
souabe, zwaben
soumarokov, sumarokov
soumarokov, sumarokow
soumarokov, сумароков
southern, саузерн
sovkət, шовкет
sowa, сова
sozaburo, содзабуро
sozo, седзо
sołomon, соломон
sołowjow, szolovjov
sołowjow, соловьев
sołowjow, соловьов
spagna, spanje
spagna, spanyol
spanje, spanyol
sparta, sparte
spartoco, spartokos
spartoco, спарток
spartokos, спарток
spasov, spasow
spasov, spassow
spasov, спасов
spasow, spassow
spasow, спасов
spassow, спасов
spata, шпата
spath, шпет
spreng, sprengel
sprenger, шпренгер
srdan, srdjan
srdan, srđan
srdan, срджан
srdan, срђан
srdjan, srđan
srdjan, срджан
srđan, срджан
srđan, срђан
stade, штаде
stade, щаде
staegemann, штегеман
stafford, σταφορντ
stafford, стаффорд
stajkov, stajkow
stajkov, staykov
stajkow, staykov
stan, stanley
stan, стэн
stanchev, stanczew
stanchev, stantsjev
stanchev, станчев
stancheva, станчева
stange, штанге
stanley, стэн
stantsjev, станчев
starchenko, startschenko
starchenko, старченко
stargard, σταργκαρτ
starkov, starkow
starkov, старков
starkow, старков
starkweather, старкуэзер
starodubtsev, starodubzew
starodubtsev, стародубцев
startschenko, старченко
startsev, старцев
stathakopoulou, σταθακοπουλου
stathopoulos, σταθοπουλος
stauros, stavros
stauros, σταυρος
stavros, stawros
stavros, σταυρος
stavros, ставрос
stavrou, σταυρου
stavroula, σταυρουλα
stawros, σταυρος
stecher, штехер
stedman, στεντμαν
stefan, stefanas
stefan, stefano
stefan, stefanus
stefan, stepan
stefan, stephan
stefan, stephane
stefan, stephanos
stefan, stephanus
stefan, stephen
stefan, stjepan
stefan, sztefan
stefan, στεφαν
stefan, στεφανος
stefan, степан
stefan, стефан
stefan, штефан
stefan, щефан
stefan, ստեֆան
stefan, სტეფან
stefan, სტეფანე
stefano, stefanus
stefano, stepan
stefano, stephan
stefano, stephanos
stefano, stephanus
stefano, stephen
stefano, στεφανος
stefano, стефан
stefano, სტეფანე
stefanos, stephanos
stefanos, stephen
stefanova, stefanowa
stefanova, стефанова
stefanow, стефанов
stefanowa, стефанова
stefanus, stepan
stefanus, stephan
stefanus, stephanus
stefanus, stephen
stefanus, στεφανος
stefanus, стефан
stefanus, სტეფანე
steffen, щефен
steger, штегер
stegner, стегнер
stelmach, stelmakh
stelmach, стельмах
stelmakh, стельмах
stepan, stephan
stepan, stephanus
stepan, stephen
stepan, sztyepan
stepan, στεφανος
stepan, степан
stepan, стефан
stepan, ստեպան
stepan, სტეფანე
stepanjan, степанян
stepanjan, ստեփանյան
stepanjuk, степанюк
stepanov, stepanow
stepanov, степанов
stepanova, stepanowa
stepanovna, stepanowna
stepanovna, степановна
stepanow, степанов
stepanowna, степановна
stephan, stephanus
stephan, stephen
stephan, steve
stephan, στεφαν
stephan, στεφανος
stephan, степан
stephan, стефан
stephan, სტეფანე
stephane, стефан
stephanos, stephen
stephanos, στεφανος
stephanus, stephen
stephanus, στεφανος
stephanus, стефан
stephanus, სტეფანე
stephen, steve
stephen, steven
stephen, stjepan
stephen, στεφανος
stephen, στηβεν
stephen, степан
stephen, стефан
stephen, ստեփան
stephen, სტეფან
stephen, სტეფანე
stern, штерн
sternberg, штернберг
sternberg, щернберг
stetsenko, стеценко
stetsko, stezko
stevan, στεβαν
stevan, стеван
steve, steven
steve, στηβ
steven, στηβ
stewart, stewartova
stewart, stuart
stewart, стюарт
stewart, стјуарт
stewart, ստյուարտ
stewartova, стюарт
stezko, стецько
stjepan, степан
stjepan, стефан
stjepan, стјепан
stockwell, στοκγουελ
stockwell, стоквелл
stockwell, стокуэлл
stoeva, stoewa
stoeva, стоева
stoewa, стоева
stojan, stoyan
stojan, sztojan
stojan, стоян
stojan, стојан
stojanov, stojanow
stojanov, stoyanov
stojanov, стоянов
stojanov, стојанов
stojanov, ստոյանով
stojanova, stojanowa
stojanova, stoyanova
stojanova, стоянова
stojanow, stoyanov
stojanow, стоянов
stojanow, ստոյանով
stojanowa, stoyanova
stojanowa, стоянова
stolberg, штольберг
stolberg, щолберг
stoljarov, stoljarow
stoljarov, stolyarov
stoljarov, столяров
stoljarow, stolyarov
stoljarow, столяров
stolyarov, столяров
stolz, штольц
storch, сторч
storch, шторх
store, suur
storozhenko, стороженко
stoyan, sztojan
stoyan, стоян
stoyanov, стоянов
stoyanov, стојанов
stoyanov, ստոյանով
stoyanova, стоянова
strabo, strabone
strabo, страбон
strabone, страбон
strachov, страхов
strachow, strakhov
strachow, страхов
strakhov, страхов
strasburger, страсбургер
strauss, strauß
strauss, շտրաուս
stroev, строев
stroganov, stroganow
stroganov, строганов
stroganova, stroganowa
stroganova, строганова
stroganow, строганов
stroganowa, строганова
strojev, строев
strong, στρονγκ
structus, strutto
structus, структ
strutto, структ
struve, струве
struwe, струве
stuart, стюарт
stuart, стјуарт
stuart, ստյուարտ
sturdza, стурдза
subkow, zubkov
subkow, зубков
subkowa, zubkova
subkowa, зубкова
subow, zoubov
subow, zubov
subow, zubow
subow, зубов
sucharew, sukharev
sucharew, сухарев
suchkov, сучков
suchow, сухов
sudakow, судаков
suede, sved
suede, sweden
suede, zweden
suekawa, суэкава
sugar, шугар
sugawa, сугава
sugawara, сугавара
sugawara, суґавара
sujew, zuev
sujew, зуев
sukegawa, сукэгава
sukhanov, суханов
sukharev, сухарев
sukhareva, сухарева
sukhorukov, сухоруков
sukhov, сухов
sulayman, suleyman
suleyman, сулејман
sultan, sultana
sultan, szultan
sultan, szultana
sultan, σουλταν
sultan, σουλτανα
sultan, султан
sultan, սուլթան
sultana, szultana
sultana, σουλταν
sultana, султан
sulz, зулц
sumarokov, sumarokow
sumarokov, сумароков
sumarokow, сумароков
sumner, самнер
sun, szun
sun, сунь
sunagawa, сунагава
sunakawa, сунакава
sung, сон
sung, сун
sung, сунг
sunszuke, сюнсукэ
suresh, суреш
surkov, surkow
surkov, сурков
surkow, сурков
susaku, сюсаку
susan, suzy
sushko, сушко
sushkov, сушков
suslov, suslow
suslov, суслов
suslow, суслов
sutezo, сутэдзо
sutherland, сазерленд
sutherland, սազերլենդ
suur, մեծ
suvalov, шувалов
suvorov, suworow
suwa, сува
suzanne, suzy
suzdaltsev, суздальцев
suzu, судзу
suzue, судзуэ
suzuka, судзука
suzumura, судзумура
suzune, судзунэ
suzuta, судзута
svata, szent
svata, света
svata, свята
svata, святая
svaty, szent
sved, sweden
sved, zweden
svedska, szwedzka
svedska, шведская
sven, svend
sven, σβεν
sven, свен
svend, свен
svenss, svensson
sveta, szent
sveta, света
sveta, святая
svetla, swetla
svetla, светла
svetlana, svyatlana
svetlana, swetlana
svetlana, swjatlana
svetlana, szvetlana
svetlana, σβετλανα
svetlana, светлана
svetlana, սվետլանա
svetlana, სვეტლანა
svjatlana, светлана
svjatopolk, svyatopolk
svjatopolk, святополк
svjatoslav, svyatoslav
svjatoslav, szvjatoszlav
svjatoslav, светослав
svjatoslav, святослав
svjatoslav, свјатослав
svjatoslav, սվյատոսլավ
svoboda, swoboda
svoboda, свобода
svyatlana, swjatlana
svyatopolk, swjatopolk
svyatopolk, святополк
svyatoslav, szvjatoszlav
svyatoslav, светослав
svyatoslav, святослав
swan, сван
swan, свон
swan, суон
swanson, суонсон
swart, сварт
sweden, zweden
swenson, свенсон
swerts, свертс
swetlana, szvetlana
swetlana, σβετλανα
swetlana, светлана
swetlana, սվետլանա
swetoslaw, swetosław
swjatlana, светлана
swjatopolk, святополк
swoboda, свобода
sychyov, sytsjov
sychyov, сычев
syd, sydney
sykow, zykov
sykow, зыков
sylvester, sylwester
sysoev, сысоев
sysojev, sysoyev
sysojev, сысоев
sysojew, сысоев
sysoyev, сысоев
sytsjov, сычев
szabados, сабадош
szabo, szaboova
szabo, σαμπο
szabo, сабо
szabolcs, сабольч
szaboova, сабо
szach, шах
szah, xah
szah, шах
szakata, саката
szalman, салман
szalwa, шалва
szalwa, შალვა
szarapow, шарапов
szasz, σαξ
szasz, саксен
szato, сато
szatoru, сатору
szekeres, секереш
szeleukosz, σελευκος
szeleukosz, селевк
szelomo, шломо
szemjon, семен
szent, thanh
szent, света
szent, свята
szent, святая
szergej, сергеј
szergej, սերգեյ
szergejevna, сергеевна
szestakow, шестаков
szewczenko, шевченко
szewczuk, шевчук
szewczuk, շեւչուկ
szmakow, шмаков
szobekhotep, себекхотеп
szobekhotep, სებეხოტებ
szocs, сеч
szoke, секе
szolovjov, соловьев
szolovjov, соловьов
szopow, шопов
szostak, шостак
sztefan, стефан
sztojan, стоян
sztyepan, степан
szultana, σουλταν
szultana, σουλτανα
szultana, султан
szultana, սուլթան
szun, сунь
szutow, шутов
szvetlana, светлана
szvjatoszlav, святослав
szvjatoszlav, свјатослав
szwarc, шварц
szwedzka, шведская
szymon, семен
sønderborg, σονντερμπουρκ
sønderborg, зондербург
słuszka, слушка
tacuja, тацуя
tadakazu, тадакадзу
tadas, tadeusz
tadas, тадеуш
tadeas, thaddaus
tadema, ταντεμα
tadema, թադեմա
tadeusas, tadeusz
tadeusas, тадеуш
tadeusz, ταντεους
tadeusz, тадеуш
tadeusz, թադեուշ
tadeusz, տադեուշ
tadevosyan, tadewosjan
tadevosyan, тадевосян
tadevosyan, թադեւոսյան
tadewosjan, тадевосян
tadewosjan, թադեւոսյան
tagawa, тагава
tager, тагер
takacs, такач
takakage, такакагэ
takakazu, такакадзу
takakuwa, такакува
takazawa, такадзава
takekazu, такэкадзу
takezawa, такэдзава
takuja, takuya
takuja, такуя
takuja, такуја
takuya, такуя
takuya, такуја
takuzo, takuzou
takuzo, такудзо
takuzou, такудзо
tamagawa, тамагава
tamara, tammy
tamas, thomas
tamas, tomas
tamas, tomasz
tamas, tommaso
tamas, тома
tan, tchan
tan, чэнь
tanba, тамба
tanev, tanew
tanev, танев
tanew, танев
tang, tchang
tang, thang
tang, tsang
tang, zong
tang, đuong
tang, дэн
tang, тан
tange, тангэ
tanja, tanya
tanja, таня
tanja, тања
tanya, таня
tanzan, тандзан
tao, tchao
tao, цао
tarakanov, tarakanow
tarakanov, тараканов
tarakanow, тараканов
taranov, taranow
taranto, tarent
taranto, tarente
taranto, tarento
taranto, tarentum
taras, тарас
tarasov, tarasow
tarasov, tarassow
tarasov, тарасов
tarasov, տարասով
tarasova, тарасова
tarasow, tarassow
tarasow, тарасов
tarassow, тарасов
tarent, tarente
tarent, tarento
tarent, tarentum
tarente, tarentum
tarento, tarentum
tarja, тарья
tarkhov, тархов
tarlo, tarło
tarlo, тарло
tars, tarse
tars, tarso
tars, tarsus
tarse, tarso
tarse, tarsus
tarso, tarsos
tarso, tarsu
tarso, tarsus
tarsos, tarsus
tarsu, tarsus
tarło, тарло
tasha, таша
tashko, ташко
tat, tatana
tat, tatjana
tat, tatyana
tat, татьяна
tat, татјана
tat, тетяна
tat, տատյանա
tatana, tatjana
tatana, tatyana
tatana, татьяна
tatana, тетяна
tatarchuk, татарчук
tatekawa, татэкава
tatjana, tatsyana
tatjana, tatyana
tatjana, tatyjana
tatjana, tetjana
tatjana, tetyana
tatjana, татьяна
tatjana, татяна
tatjana, татјана
tatjana, тетяна
tatjana, տատյանա
tatsjana, татьяна
tatsyana, tatyana
tatsyana, татьяна
tatyana, tatyjana
tatyana, tetjana
tatyana, tetyana
tatyana, татьяна
tatyana, татяна
tatyana, татјана
tatyana, тетяна
tatyana, տատյանա
tatyjana, татьяна
tatyjana, татјана
tatyjana, тетяна
taure, tauro
taure, taurus
taure, тавр
taure, тавър
tauro, taurus
tauro, тавр
tauro, тавър
taurus, тавр
taurus, тавър
tawara, тавара
tazawa, тадзава
tchang, тан
tchekhov, чехов
tchekhov, չեխով
tchernov, чернов
tebaldo, teobald
tebaldo, teobaldo
tebaldo, theobald
tebaldo, tybald
tebaldo, θεοβαλδος
tebas, tebes
tebas, thebes
tebe, tebes
tebe, theben
tebe, thebes
tebes, thebes
tecklenburg, текленбург
tecuja, тецуя
tecuja, тэцуя
ted, theodor
ted, theodore
ted, τεντ
ted, тед
ted, теодор
ted, թեդ
teddy, theodore
teddy, теодор
tegner, тегнер
tehau, тео
tejada, техада
telesarchus, telesarco
teng, đang
tenma, тэмма
tenno, хаан
teo, theon
teo, θεων
teo, теон
teobald, teobaldo
teobald, theobald
teobald, tybald
teobald, θεοβαλδος
teobaldo, theobald
teobaldo, tybald
teobaldo, θεοβαλδος
teobaldo, теобалд
teodeberto, teodobert
teodeberto, theodebert
teodeberto, theudebert
teodobert, theodebert
teodobert, theudebert
teodor, teodoras
teodor, teodoro
teodor, theodor
teodor, theodore
teodor, theodoros
teodor, theodorosz
teodor, theodorus
teodor, θεοδωρος
teodor, теодор
teodor, федор
teodor, феодор
teodor, фьодор
teodor, թեոդոր
teodor, թեոդորոս
teodor, თეოდორე
teodora, theodora
teodora, θεοδωρα
teodora, τεοντορα
teodora, теодора
teodora, феодора
teodora, თეოდორა
teodoras, theodor
teodoras, theodore
teodoras, теодор
teodoro, theodor
teodoro, theodore
teodoro, theodoro
teodoro, theodoros
teodoro, theodorosz
teodoro, theodorus
teodoro, θεοδωρος
teodoro, τεοντορο
teodoro, теодор
teodoro, феодор
teodoro, թեոդոր
teodoro, թեոդորոս
teodoros, theodoros
teodoros, θεοδωρος
teodors, теодор
teodot, teodoto
teodot, theodotos
teodot, theodotus
teodoto, theodotos
teodoto, theodotus
teodoto, θεοδοτος
teofan, theophane
teofan, феофан
teofanes, theophane
teofanes, theophanes
teofanes, θεοφανης
teopomp, teopompo
teopomp, theopompus
teopompo, theopompus
terakawa, тэракава
terasawa, тэрасава
terazawa, тэрадзава
terechov, terekhov
terechov, терехов
terekhov, терехов
terekhova, терехова
terentjev, терентьев
teresa, terez
teresa, tereza
teresa, theresa
teresa, therese
teresa, τερεζα
teresa, тереза
teresa, թերեզա
teresa, ტერეზა
tereschtschenko, tereshchenko
terese, therese
terese, тереза
tereszczenko, терещенко
terez, tereza
terez, therese
terez, тереза
terez, թերեզա
terez, ტერეზა
tereza, theresa
tereza, therese
tereza, тереза
tereza, թերեզա
tereza, ტერეზა
terje, тер
terje, терье
tertullo, tertullus
tertullus, tertulo
tertullus, тертул
tertulo, тертул
tetjana, tetyana
tetjana, татьяна
tetjana, тетяна
tetyana, татьяна
tetyana, тетяна
tezuka, тэдзука
thaddaus, thaddeus
thaddeus, тадеус
thakur, тхакур
thaler, талер
thanh, тхань
thanos, θανος
thea, теа
theben, thebes
thelma, тельма
themos, θεμος
theo, τεο
theo, тео
theobald, tybald
theobald, θεοβαλδος
theobald, теобалд
theobald, теобальд
theodebert, theudebert
theodebert, θευδεβερτος
theodoor, theodor
theodoor, theodore
theodoor, theodorus
theodoor, теодор
theodor, theodore
theodor, theodoros
theodor, theodorosz
theodor, theodorus
theodor, θεοδωρος
theodor, τεοντορ
theodor, теодор
theodor, федор
theodor, феодор
theodor, թեոդոր
theodor, თეოდორ
theodora, θεοδωρα
theodora, теодора
theodora, феодора
theodora, თეოდორა
theodore, theodoros
theodore, theodorosz
theodore, theodorus
theodore, θεοδωρος
theodore, τεοντορ
theodore, тед
theodore, теодор
theodore, теодорос
theodore, тодор
theodore, федор
theodore, феодор
theodore, թեոդոր
theodore, թեոդորոս
theodore, თეოდორ
theodore, თეოდორე
theodoropoulos, θεοδωροπουλος
theodoros, theodorosz
theodoros, theodorus
theodoros, θεοδωρος
theodoros, θοδωρης
theodoros, теодор
theodoros, теодорос
theodoros, феодор
theodoros, թեոդորոս
theodorosz, theodorus
theodorosz, θεοδωρος
theodorosz, теодор
theodorosz, феодор
theodorou, θεοδωρου
theodorus, θεοδωρος
theodorus, теодор
theodorus, феодор
theodote, теодот
theodotos, theodotus
theodotos, θεοδοτος
theodotus, теодот
theofylaktos, theophylacte
theofylaktos, θεοφυλακτος
theon, θεων
theon, теон
theophane, theophanes
theophane, θεοφανης
theophane, теофан
theophane, феофан
theophanes, θεοφανης
theophanes, теофан
theophanes, феофан
theophano, θεοφανω
theophano, феофано
theophylact, theophylacte
theophylact, θεοφυλακτος
theophylacte, θεοφυλακτος
theresa, therese
theresa, τερεζα
theresa, тереза
theresa, թերեզա
theresa, ტერეზა
therese, τερεζα
therese, тереза
therese, թերեզա
therese, ტერეზა
thessaly, θεσσαλος
theudebert, θευδεβερτος
thodoros, θοδωρος
thom, thomas
thoma, thomas
thomas, thomasova
thomas, thos
thomas, tom
thomas, toma
thomas, tomas
thomas, tomasz
thomas, tommaso
thomas, tommy
thomas, θωμας
thomas, τομ
thomas, τομα
thomas, τομας
thomas, том
thomas, тома
thomas, томас
thomas, томаш
thomas, фома
thomas, թոմ
thomas, թոմաս
thomas, თომას
thomas, ტომ
thomasova, томас
thomps, thompson
thompson, thomson
thompson, τομσον
thompson, томпсон
thompson, томпсън
thompson, томсон
thompson, թոմփսոն
thomson, томсон
thor, tor
thor, þor
thor, тор
thora, тора
thorbjorn, thorbjørn
thorbjorn, torbjorn
thorbjorn, þorbjorn
thorburn, торберн
thoresen, торесен
thorkell, þorkell
thorn, торн
thorne, торн
thornton, торнтон
thorpe, торп
thorpe, торпе
thorsten, torsten
thorsten, торстен
thorvald, torvald
thorvald, торвальд
thorwald, торвальд
thotmesz, thutmose
thotmesz, totmes
thotmesz, tutmes
thotmesz, тутмос
thott, tott
thouars, туар
thrasher, трэшер
thrasybule, thrasybulus
thrasybule, θρασυβουλος
thrasybulos, θρασυβουλος
thrasybulus, θρασυβουλος
thrasyvoulos, θρασυβουλος
thunberg, тунберг
thure, ture
thure, туре
thurlow, терлоу
thurman, турман
thurn, турн
thurst, thurston
thurston, терстон
thurzo, turzo
thutmose, totmes
thutmose, tutmes
thutmose, тутмос
tjekhov, чехов
tjekhov, չեխով
tjernov, чернов
tkachenko, tkaczenko
tkachenko, tkatschenko
tkachenko, tkatsjenko
tkachenko, ткаченко
tkachev, tkachyov
tkachev, tkatschow
tkachev, tkatsjov
tkachev, ткачев
tkachuk, ткачук
tkachyov, tkatschow
tkachyov, tkatsjov
tkachyov, ткачев
tkaczenko, tkatsjenko
tkaczenko, ткаченко
tkaczuk, ткачук
tkatschenko, tkatsjenko
tkatschenko, ткаченко
tkatschow, tkatsjov
tkatschow, ткачев
tkatsjenko, ткаченко
tkatsjjov, ткачев
tkatsjov, ткачев
tocco, τοκκος
tocco, токко
todd, τοντ
todd, тод
todd, тодд
todor, тодор
todorov, todorow
todorov, тодоров
todorova, todorowa
todorova, тодорова
todorow, тодоров
todorowa, тодорова
toemanjan, туманян
togawa, тогава
togon, tuohuan
togto, tuotuo
tojo, toujou
tojoda, toyoda
tojoda, тоеда
tokarev, tokarew
tokarev, токарев
tokarew, токарев
tokugava, tokugawa
tokugava, токугава
tokugawa, токугава
tokuzo, tokuzou
tokuzo, токудзо
tokuzou, токудзо
tolkachev, толкачев
tolmachyov, толмачев
tolmatsjjov, толмачев
tolosa, toulouse
tolosa, tuluzy
tolosa, τουλουζης
tolstaja, tolstaya
tolstaja, толстая
tolstaja, տոլստայա
tolstaya, толстая
tolstaya, տոլստայա
tolstoj, tolstoy
tolstoy, tołstoj
tom, tomas
tom, τομ
tom, том
tom, томас
tom, թոմ
tom, թոմաս
tom, თომას
tom, ტომ
toma, tomas
toma, tomasz
toma, тома
toma, фома
tomas, tomasz
tomas, tommaso
tomas, θωμας
tomas, τομας
tomas, том
tomas, тома
tomas, томас
tomas, томаш
tomas, фома
tomas, թոմաս
tomas, თომას
tomas, ტომაშ
tomasz, tomek
tomasz, tommaso
tomasz, θωμας
tomasz, τομας
tomasz, тамаш
tomasz, тома
tomasz, томас
tomasz, томаш
tomasz, фома
tomasz, թոմաս
tomasz, თომას
tommaso, θωμας
tommaso, тома
tommaso, томас
tommaso, фома
tommy, томас
tomokazu, томокадзу
tomova, tomowa
tomova, томова
tomowa, томова
tonchev, тончев
toncheva, тончева
tong, wang
tong, zong
tong, đong
tong, цзун
tongeren, тонгерен
topchyan, թոփչյան
torazo, torazou
torazo, торадзо
torazou, торадзо
torbjorn, torbjørn
torbjorn, þorbjorn
torbjorn, торбьерн
torbjorn, турбьерн
torbjørn, торбьерн
torcuato, torquat
torcuato, torquato
torcuato, torquatus
torcuato, торкват
torquat, torquato
torquat, torquatus
torquat, торкват
torquato, torquatus
torquato, торкват
torquatus, торкват
toscana, toscane
toscana, toskana
toscana, toskanska
toscana, toskansky
toscana, tuscany
toscana, τοσκανης
toscane, toskana
toscane, toskanska
toscane, toskansky
toscane, tuscany
toscane, τοσκανης
toshev, tosjev
toshev, тошев
tosjev, тошев
toskana, tuscany
toskana, τοσκανης
toskanska, tuscany
toskanska, τοσκανης
toskansky, tuscany
toskansky, τοσκανης
toth, тот
totmes, tutmes
totmes, тутмос
toulouse, tuluzy
toulouse, τουλουζης
tour, латур
tour, тур
tours, тур
tours, турская
towa, това
townsend, townshend
toyoda, тоеда
toyokazu, тоекадзу
tozawa, тодзава
tozuka, тодзука
traba, trava
trabzon, trabzonlu
trachtenberg, трахтенберг
trajan, траян
trajan, трајан
trajano, траян
tralle, tralles
trejo, трехо
tretjakov, tretjakow
tretjakov, tretyakov
tretjakov, третьяков
tretjakow, tretyakov
tretjakow, третьяков
tretyakov, третьяков
trojan, троян
trond, тронн
troughton, тротон
troyes, труа
trstenjak, трстеняк
trubetskoj, trubetskoy
trudeau, τρυντω
trudeau, трюдо
trush, труш
trusowa, trussowa
tscherenkow, tsjerenkov
tscherenkow, черенков
tschernenko, черненко
tschernow, tsjernov
tschernow, чернов
tschesnokow, tsjesnokov
tschesnokow, чесноков
tschumak, чумак
tsend, цэнд
tsezar, цезарь
tsjebanov, чебанов
tsjekhov, чехов
tsjekhov, չեխով
tsjen, чен
tsjerenkov, черенков
tsjerepanov, черепанов
tsjerevko, черевко
tsjernenko, черненко
tsjernov, чернов
tsjernova, чернова
tsjernysjov, чернышев
tsjesnokov, чесноков
tsyganov, zyganow
tsyganov, цыганов
tuan, xun
tuba, tugba
tubero, tuberon
tubero, туберон
tuberon, туберон
tuchkov, тучков
tudor, tudur
tudor, τυδωρ
tudor, тюдор
tudor, тјудор
tudor, թյուդոր
tudur, τυδωρ
tudur, тюдор
tudur, тјудор
tudur, թյուդոր
tugba, туба
tul, tullo
tul, tullus
tul, tulo
tul, тул
tul, тулл
tullo, tullus
tullo, tulo
tullo, тул
tullo, тулл
tullus, tulo
tullus, тул
tullus, тулл
tulo, тул
tulo, тулл
tuluzy, τουλουζης
tumanjan, туманян
tumanjan, թումանյան
tumanyan, туманян
tuoc, του
tupac, тупак
turgenev, тургенев
turgut, тургут
tuscany, τοσκανης
tusco, tuscus
tusco, туск
tuscus, туск
tutmes, тутмос
tuyen, xuan
tver, τβερ
two, δυο
tybald, θεοβαλδος
tyrol, tyrolen
tyzenhauz, tyzenhauzas
uberto, umberto
uberto, умберто
ucha, уча
uche, уче
udagawa, удагава
ugarow, угаров
ugo, ουγκο
ugo, ουγος
ugo, гуго
ugo, уго
ugo, хуго
ugrjumov, угрюмов
uherska, венгерская
uherska, угорська
uherska, унгарска
uld, ουλντ
uljana, ульяна
uljanov, uljanow
uljanov, ulyanov
uljanow, ulyanov
uljanow, ульянов
ulyanov, ульянов
umar, umaras
umar, умар
umaras, умар
umberto, ουμβερτος
umberto, ουμπερτο
umberto, умберто
umekawa, умэкава
umezawa, умэдзава
umezu, умэдзу
underwood, андервуд
ungarn, ungern
unger, ангер
unger, унгер
unterberger, унтербергер
urach, урах
urb, urban
urba, urban
urba, urbano
urba, урбан
urba, ურბან
urban, urbano
urban, urbanus
urban, урбан
urban, ურბან
urbano, urbanus
urbano, урбан
urbano, ურბან
urbanus, урбан
urgel, urgell
urgel, ουρζελ
urgell, ουρζελ
uros, urosz
uros, ουρος
uros, урош
urosz, ουρος
urosz, урош
urquhart, уркварт
urso, ursus
urso, урс
ursus, урс
urszula, урсула
uruschadse, urushadze
uruschadse, урушадзе
urushadze, урушадзе
urwa, urwah
urwa, урва
urwah, урва
usakov, ushakov
uschakow, ushakov
uschakow, ушаков
uschakowa, ushakova
uschakowa, ушакова
ushakov, ушаков
ushakova, ушакова
usher, ашер
usov, ussow
usov, усов
ussow, усов
usur, ουσουρ
usur, уцур
uszakow, ушаков
utagawa, утагава
uthman, усман
uthman, утман
utrecht, утрехт
uulu, uułu
uulu, уулу
uułu, уулу
uwano, увано
uwe, уве
uzawa, удзава
vacha, ваха
vache, վաչե
vachon, вашон
vachtang, vakhtang
vachtang, wachtang
vachtang, вахтанг
vachtang, վախթանգ
vachtang, ვახტანგ
vaclav, waclaw
vaclav, wacław
vaclav, вацлав
vaclovas, wacław
vaclovas, вацлав
vadym, wadym
vagharshak, վաղարշակ
vagner, wagner
vagner, вагнер
vahagn, ваагн
vahagn, վահագն
vahan, ваан
vahan, ваган
vahan, վահան
vahe, վահե
vahram, βαραμης
vahram, бахрам
vahram, ваграм
vahram, վահրամ
vakhtang, wachtang
vakhtang, вахтанг
vakhtang, վախթանգ
vakhtang, ვახტანგ
valchev, вълчев
valdemar, valdemaro
valdemar, waldemar
valdemar, валдемар
valdemar, вальдемар
valdemar, ვალდემარ
valdemaro, waldemar
valdemaro, валдемар
valdemaro, вальдемар
vale, βαλε
valejev, валеев
valens, valent
valens, valente
valens, валент
valent, valente
valent, валент
valente, валент
valentyn, walentyn
valentyn, wałentyn
valentyna, walentyna
valentyna, wałentyna
valerevna, valerjevna
valerevna, valeryevna
valerevna, валерьевна
valerjan, валерьян
valerjanovna, валерьяновна
valerjevna, valeryevna
valerjevna, walerjewna
valerjevna, валерьевна
valery, walery
valeryevna, walerjewna
valeryevna, валерьевна
valeyev, walejew
valeyev, валеев
valkova, walkowa
valkova, вълкова
valle, вале
valle, валле
valle, валье
vallee, валле
vallejo, вальехо
vallejo, вальєхо
valter, walter
valter, вальтер
vance, βανς
vanda, wanda
vanda, ванда
vang, vuong
vang, wang
vangel, вангел
vanja, vanya
vanja, ваня
vanja, вања
vano, wano
vano, вано
vano, վանո
vano, ვანო
vantukh, вантух
vanya, wanja
vanya, ваня
var, varo
var, varus
var, вар
vardan, wardan
vardan, вардан
vardan, վարդան
vardanjan, vardanyan
vardanjan, варданян
vardanjan, վարդանյան
vardanyan, wardanjan
vardanyan, варданян
vardanyan, վարդանյան
varela, βαρελα
varela, варела
varela, վարելա
varlaam, варлаам
varlam, warlam
varlam, варлам
varlamov, warłamow
varlamov, варламов
varo, varus
varo, вар
varro, varron
varro, варрон
varron, варрон
varus, вар
varuzhan, վարուժան
varvara, warwara
varvara, варвара
vasa, wasa
vasa, ваза
vasa, васа
vaschenko, ващенко
vasco, βασκο
vaso, βασω
vasos, βασος
vasyl, wassyl
vasyl, wasyl
vatanabe, watanabe
vatanabe, ватанабе
vatanabe, ватанабэ
vatatzes, watatzes
vaudemont, водемон
vazgen, wazgen
vazgen, вазген
vazgen, վազգեն
vazha, wascha
vazha, важа
vazha, ვაჟა
vazq, vazquez
vazquez, васкез
vazquez, васкес
veaceslav, вячеслав
veaceslav, ячеслав
veber, weber
velchev, велчев
veldenz, велденц
veltsjev, велчев
venceslao, venceslas
venceslao, venceslau
venceslao, wenceslas
venceslao, wenceslaus
venceslao, wenzel
venceslao, венцеслав
venceslas, venceslau
venceslas, wenceslaus
venceslas, wenzel
venceslau, wenceslaus
venceslau, венцеслав
vendome, βαντομ
vendome, вандом
vera, wera
vera, βερα
vera, вера
vera, վերա
vera, ვერა
verdaguer, вердагер
vern, vernon
verne, βερν
verne, верн
verner, werner
verner, вернер
vernon, βερνον
vernon, вернон
vernon, վերնոն
vero, verus
vero, вер
veron, βερον
verona, verone
verona, βερονα
verus, вер
vesela, wessela
vesela, весела
veselova, wesselowa
veselova, веселова
vet, veto
vet, vetus
vetere, vetus
veto, vetus
vevoda, војвода
vgenopoulos, βγενοπουλος
vjaceslav, vjacseszlav
vjaceslav, vjatjeslav
vjaceslav, vjatseslav
vjaceslav, vjatsjeslav
vjaceslav, vyacheslav
vjaceslav, вячеслав
vjaceslav, вјачеслав
vjaceslav, ячеслав
vjaceslav, վյաչեսլավ
vjacseszlav, vjatjeslav
vjacseszlav, vjatseslav
vjacseszlav, вячеслав
vjatjeslav, vjatseslav
vjatjeslav, vjatsjeslav
vjatjeslav, vyacheslav
vjatjeslav, вячеслав
vjatjeslav, ячеслав
vjatseslav, vjatsjeslav
vjatseslav, vyacheslav
vjatseslav, вячеслав
vjatsjeslav, vyacheslav
vjatsjeslav, вячеслав
vjatsjeslav, ячеслав
vjekoslav, векослав
vjekoslav, вјекослав
vlaanderen, φλανδρας
vlaanderen, фландрская
vlach, влах
vlachopoulos, βλαχοπουλος
vlachos, βλαχος
vlachos, влахос
vlachou, βλαχου
vlachou, влаху
vlad, влад
vladlen, wladlen
vladlen, владлен
vlasenko, wlassenko
vlasenko, власенко
vlasov, wlassow
vlasov, власов
vogel, фогель
vojvoda, воєвода
vok, wok
volchek, волчек
volchkov, волчков
voldemars, волдемар
volf, wolf
volf, вольф
volfango, wolfgang
volfango, волфганг
volfango, вольфганг
volha, wolha
volha, ольга
volkau, волков
volkov, wolkow
volkov, wołkow
volkov, волков
volkova, wolkowa
volkova, волкова
volodomor, volodymyr
volodomor, wolodymyr
volodomor, wołodymyr
volodymyr, wolodymyr
volodymyr, wołodymyr
volrado, wolrad
volus, voluso
vom, фон
vorobev, vorobjov
vorobev, воробьев
vorobjov, vorobyov
vorobjov, worobjow
vorobjov, воробьев
vorobjova, воробьева
vorobyov, worobjow
vorobyov, воробьев
vorobyova, воробьева
voronova, woronowa
voronova, воронова
vorontsova, woronzowa
voropayev, woropajew
voropayev, воропаев
voskanyan, восканян
voskanyan, ոսկանյան
voula, βουλα
vsevolod, vszevolod
vsevolod, всеволод
vsevolod, վսեւոլոդ
vsevolodas, всеволод
vszevolod, всеволод
vuk, βουκ
vuk, вук
vulchev, вълчев
vulso, vulson
vulso, vulsone
vulso, вулзон
vulso, вульсон
vulson, vulsone
vulson, вулзон
vulson, вульсон
vulsone, вулзон
vulsone, вульсон
vuong, wang
vuong, wong
vuong, уан
vyaceslav, vyacheslav
vyaceslav, вячеслав
vyacheslav, вячеслав
vyacheslav, вјачеслав
vyacheslav, ячеслав
vyacheslav, վյաչեսլավ
vyacheslavovna, вячеславовна
vysotskaya, wyssozkaja
wach, вах
wachtang, вахтанг
wachtang, վախթանգ
wachtang, ვახტანგ
wachtel, вахтель
waclaw, wacław
waclaw, вацлав
wacław, вацлав
wada, вада
waddell, уодделл
waermund, wærmund
waga, вага
wagener, wagner
wagener, вагенер
wagner, wagnerova
wagner, вагнер
wagner, վագներ
wahb, вахб
wahlberg, уолберг
wahlgren, уолгрен
waka, вака
wakaba, вакаба
wakako, вакако
wakana, вакана
wakanohana, ваканохана
wakao, вакао
wakar, вакар
wakasa, вакаса
wakatabe, вакатабэ
wakayama, вакаяма
wako, wakou
wako, вако
wakou, вако
wal, вал
walbeck, валбек
walbeck, вальбек
walcott, уолкотт
wald, уолд
waldburg, валдбург
waldeck, валдек
waldeck, вальдек
waldemar, woldemar
waldemar, валдемар
waldemar, вальдемар
waldemar, վալդեմար
waldemar, ვალდემარ
walden, вальден
walden, уолден
waldenbourg, waldenburg
waldenbourg, валденбург
waldenburg, валденбург
waldenburg, вальденбург
waldmann, вальдман
waldo, валдо
waldo, уолдо
waldron, уолдрон
walejew, валеев
walentyn, wałentyn
walera, walram
walera, валрам
walera, вальрам
waleran, walram
waleran, валеран
waleran, валрам
walerjewna, валерьевна
wales, велс
wales, велса
walker, walkerova
walker, γουοκερ
walker, вокер
walker, уокер
walker, уокър
walker, уолкер
walker, ուոլկեր
walker, ուոքեր
walkerova, уокер
walkowa, вълкова
wall, уолл
wallace, wally
wallace, γουαλας
wallace, валас
wallace, волас
wallace, воллес
wallace, уоллас
wallace, уоллес
wallace, уолъс
wallace, ուոլաս
wallace, ուոլես
waller, уоллер
walram, βαλεραν
walram, валрам
walram, вальрам
walser, вальзер
walsh, γουολς
walsh, волш
walsh, уолш
walsh, ուոլշ
walt, walter
walt, волт
walt, уолт
walt, уолтер
walter, walther
walter, wouter
walter, βαλτερ
walter, γουολτερ
walter, ουολτερ
walter, валтер
walter, вальтер
walter, волт
walter, волтер
walter, уолт
walter, уолтер
walter, уолтър
walter, ուոլթեր
walter, ուոլտեր
walter, վալտեր
walter, ვალტერ
walter, უოლტერ
walters, волтерс
walters, уолтерс
walther, βαλτερ
walther, валтер
walther, вальтер
walther, ვალტერ
walton, волтон
walton, уолтон
walton, ուոլթոն
waltraud, waltraut
wanda, ванда
wanda, վանդա
wang, wong
wang, zhongyu
wang, ань
wang, ванг
wang, вонг
wang, уан
wang, վանգ
wangmo, вангмо
wanja, ваня
wano, вано
wano, վանո
wano, ვანო
wanyan, ваньянь
warburg, варбург
warburton, варбертон
warburton, уорбертон
ward, вард
ward, ворд
ward, уорд
ward, ուորդ
warda, варда
wardan, вардан
wardan, վարդան
wardanjan, варданян
wardanjan, վարդանյան
warden, уорден
ware, уэр
warenne, варенн
warlamow, warłamow
warner, ворнер
warner, уорнер
warren, γουορεν
warren, ουορεν
warren, ворен
warren, воррен
warren, уоррен
warren, уорън
warren, ուորեն
warren, უორენ
warwara, варвара
warłaam, варлаам
warłamow, варламов
wasa, ваза
wasaburo, васабуро
wascha, важа
wascha, ვაჟა
wasser, вассер
wasserman, вассерман
wasson, уоссон
wassyl, wasyl
watabe, ватабэ
watanabe, ватанабе
watanabe, ватанабэ
wataru, ватару
watase, ватасэ
waterhouse, уотерхаус
waterman, ватерман
waters, уотерс
waters, уотърс
watson, watsone
watson, ватсон
watson, вотсон
watson, уотсон
watson, уотсън
watt, уатт
watt, уот
watt, уотт
watters, уоттерс
watts, уоттс
waxman, ваксман
wayne, вејн
wayne, ուեյն
waza, ваза
wazgen, вазген
weathers, уэзерс
webb, веб
webb, вебб
webb, уэбб
webber, веббер
webber, уэббер
weber, вебер
weber, уэбер
weber, վեբեր
webster, вебстер
webster, уэбстер
webster, ուեբստեր
wedel, ведель
wegener, вегенер
wejher, weyher
welch, уэлч
welch, уэлш
weldon, уэлдон
welf, γουελφος
welf, велф
welf, вельф
weller, веллер
weller, уэллер
welles, уэллс
wells, веллс
wells, уэллс
welsh, уэлш
wen, вэнь
wenceslao, wenceslaus
wenceslao, венсеслао
wenceslaus, wenzel
wenceslaus, wenzeslaus
wenceslaus, венцеслав
wendel, вендел
wendell, венделл
wendell, уенделл
wendell, уэнделл
wendt, вендт
wenger, венгер
wenjun, вэньцзюнь
wennberg, веннберг
went, вент
wentworth, вентворт
wentworth, вентуорф
wentzel, венцель
wenzel, венцел
wenzel, венцель
wera, βερα
wera, вера
wera, վերա
werdenberg, верденберг
werder, вердер
werle, βερλε
werle, верле
werner, βερνερ
werner, вернер
werner, վեռներ
werner, վերներ
werner, ვერნერ
wes, wesley
wes, вес
wes, уэс
wes, ուես
wesley, γουεσλευ
wessel, вессель
wessela, весела
wesselowa, веселова
wessex, wessexu
wessex, ουεσσεξ
wessex, весекса
wessex, уэссекская
west, вест
west, уест
west, уэст
west, ուեսթ
westbrook, уэстбрук
westcott, весткотт
westenra, вестенра
westerberg, вестерберг
westerbourg, westerburg
westerbourg, вестербург
westerburg, вестербург
westerlund, вестерлунд
westermann, вестерманн
westhoff, вестхофф
westlund, вестлунд
westmore, вестмор
westmorland, γουεστμορλαντ
weston, γουεστον
weston, вестон
weston, уэстон
westphal, вестфаль
westwood, вествуд
wexler, векслер
wladlen, владлен
wlassenko, власенко
wlassow, własow
wlassow, власов
wlodarczyk, włodarczyk
wohl, воль
wojtyla, wojtyła
wolde, волде
woldemar, вольдемар
wolf, wolff
wolf, βολφ
wolf, γουλφ
wolf, волф
wolf, вольф
wolf, вулф
wolf, вульф
wolf, улф
wolf, վոլֆ
wolfe, вольф
wolfe, вулф
wolfe, вульф
wolfenbuettel, wolfenbuttel
wolfenbuettel, волфенбютел
wolfenbuttel, волфенбютел
wolfenbuttel, вольфенбюттель
wolfenbuttelska, вольфенбюттельская
wolff, вольф
wolff, вольфф
wolff, вулф
wolff, վոլֆ
wolfgang, волфганг
wolfgang, вольфганг
wolfgang, վոլֆգանգ
wolfgang, ვოლფგანგ
wolfram, волфрам
wolfram, вольфрам
wolfsohn, вольфсон
wolha, ольга
wolk, волк
wolkow, wołkow
wolkow, волков
wolkowa, волкова
wolodymyr, wołodymyr
wolosz, wołosz
wolpert, уолперт
wolrad, волрад
wolstenholme, уолстенхолм
wolter, вольтер
wolter, уолтер
wong, вонг
wong, хуан
wong, վոնգ
wood, вуд
wood, վուդ
woodall, вудалл
woodcock, вудкок
woodruff, вудрафф
woods, вудс
woods, վուդս
woodward, вудвард
woodward, вудворд
woodward, удуърд
woolf, вулф
wootton, вуттон
workman, уоркмэн
world, ворлд
worms, вормс
worner, вернер
worobjow, воробьев
worobjowa, воробьева
woroncow, woronzow
woronowa, воронова
woropajew, воропаев
wosnjak, возняк
wout, wouter
wouter, ваутер
wouter, воутер
wouters, ваутерс
wołkow, волков
wrangel, wrangell
wrangel, врангел
wrangel, врангель
wrangell, врангель
wrangell, վրանգել
wrede, вреде
wrobel, врубель
wuerttemberg, wurtemberg
wuerttemberg, wurttemberg
wuerttemberg, вюртемберг
wuest, wust
wulf, вульф
wulff, вулфф
wulff, вульф
wulff, вульфф
wurm, вурм
wurtemberg, wurttemberg
wurtemberg, wurttemberska
wurtemberg, wurttembersky
wurtemberg, wyrttemberg
wurtemberg, вюртемберг
wurtemberg, вюртемберга
wurtemberg, вюртембергская
wurtemberg, вюртемберзька
wurttemberg, wurttemberska
wurttemberg, wurttembersky
wurttemberg, wyrttemberg
wurttemberg, вюртемберг
wurttemberg, вюртемберга
wurttemberg, вюртембергская
wurttemberg, вюртемберзька
wurttemberska, вюртемберг
wurttemberska, вюртембергская
wurttemberska, вюртемберзька
wurttembersky, вюртемберг
wurtzbourg, wurzburg
wuttke, вутке
xah, шах
xah, შაჰ
xanthopoulos, ξανθοπουλος
xanthos, ξανθος
xaver, ксавер
xaver, ксавьер
xenocrates, ксенократ
xenofon, ξενοφων
xenofont, xenophon
xenofont, ξενοφων
xenophon, ξενοφων
xenophon, ксенофон
xose, ксосе
xuan, жан
xuan, сюань
xuan, хуан
xuan, јован
xuan, ხუან
xuana, жана
xuana, жанна
xuana, хуана
xuana, ჟანა
yaakov, яаков
yagyu, yagyuu
yagyu, ягю
yagyuu, ягю
yahya, яхья
yakobson, якобсон
yakov, яков
yakov, јаков
yakov, յակով
yakovenko, яковенко
yakovlev, яковлев
yakovlev, яковлєв
yakovlev, յակովլեւ
yakub, якуб
yakushev, якушев
yamada, ямада
yamada, јамада
yamakawa, ямакава
yamam, yamamoto
yamamoto, ямамото
yamazawa, ямадзава
yan, янь
yana, яна
yana, јана
yana, յանա
yanagawa, янагава
yanchev, янчев
yanchuk, янчук
yang, янг
yang, јанг
yang, յան
yanko, янко
yankov, янков
yaqub, якуб
yarborough, ярборо
yarchuk, ярчук
yaremchuk, яремчук
yaroshenko, ярошенко
yaroslav, ярослав
yaroslav, յարոսլավ
yaroslava, ярослава
yaroslavtsev, ярославцев
yartsev, ярцев
yasuda, ясуда
yasukawa, ясукава
yasukazu, ясукадзу
yasuo, ясуо
yasuzo, ясудзо
yatsenko, яценко
yavor, явор
yazawa, ядзава
yegor, егор
yegor, єгор
yegorov, егоров
yegorova, егорова
yegorova, єгорова
yehor, егор
yehor, єгор
yehuda, yehudah
yehuda, єгуда
yelena, γελενα
yelena, ελενα
yelena, елена
yelena, олена
yelena, јелена
yelena, ելենա
yelu, yelv
yemelyanov, емельянов
yeong, young
yeremeyev, еремеев
yermakov, ермаков
yermakova, ермакова
yermolayev, ермолаев
yermolov, ермолов
yershov, ершов
yershov, єршов
yershov, երշով
yeryomenko, еременко
yesayan, есаян
yesayan, եսայան
yevgen, євген
yevgeny, yevhen
yevgeny, євген
yevgenyevna, евгеньевна
yevhen, євген
yevseyev, евсеев
yezhov, ежов
yngre, younger
yoann, yohann
yohann, јоан
yoko, youko
yoko, еко
yokokawa, екокава
yokoyama, екояма
yokoyama, јокојама
yokozawa, екодзава
yolanda, yolande
yoldoshev, юлдашев
yonezawa, енэдзава
yonezo, енэдзо
yordanova, јорданова
york, yorku
york, υορκης
york, јорк
yorku, υορκης
yosano, есано
yosuke, yousuke
yosuke, есукэ
youko, еко
younes, юнес
young, янг
young, јанг
young, յանգ
yousuke, есукэ
youzou, yozo
youzou, едзо
yoza, едза
yozo, едзо
yrjo, георг
yrjo, юрье
yrjo, գեորգ
yrjo, ჯორჯ
yuan, юань
yuge, югэ
yuka, юка
yukawa, юкава
yuko, yuuko
yuko, юко
yuldashev, юлдашев
yunus, юнус
yunus, јунус
yurchenko, юрченко
yuryev, юрьев
yuryevna, юрьевна
yushkov, юшков
yusho, юсе
yusuf, юсуф
yusuf, јусуф
yusupov, юсупов
yusupova, юсупова
yuta, юта
yutaka, ютака
yuto, yuuto
yuto, юто
yuuya, yuya
yuuzou, yuzo
yuuzou, юдзо
yuzaburo, юдзабуро
yuzawa, юдзава
yuzo, юдзо
yuzu, юдзу
yuzuha, юдзуха
yuzuru, юдзуру
zabel, цабель
zac, zachary
zach, zachary
zach, зак
zach, зах
zach, цах
zachar, zakhar
zachar, захар
zacharczenko, zakharchenko
zacharov, zacharow
zacharov, zakharov
zacharov, захаров
zacharova, zakharova
zacharova, захарова
zacharovna, захаровна
zacharow, zaharov
zacharow, zakharov
zacharow, захаров
zachary, zack
zachary, зак
zachos, захос
zack, зак
zaganska, zahanska
zaharov, zakharov
zaharov, захаров
zahn, цан
zajcev, zajcew
zajcev, zajtsev
zajcev, zaytsev
zajcev, զայցեւ
zajceva, zajcewa
zajceva, zaytseva
zajcew, zajtsev
zajcew, zaytsev
zajcewa, zaytseva
zajtsev, zaytsev
zakhar, захар
zakharov, захаров
zakharova, захарова
zamenhof, заменгоф
zamenhof, զամենհոֆ
zan, ζαν
zan, жан
zan, ժան
zan, ჟან
zanas, ζαν
zanas, жан
zanas, ժան
zanas, ჟან
zander, цандер
zanna, zhanna
zanna, zjanna
zanna, жанна
zaostrovtsev, заостровцев
zapf, цапф
zavjalov, zavyalov
zavjalov, завьялов
zavyalov, завьялов
zawadzka, завадская
zayd, zejd
zayd, zeyd
zaytsev, зајцев
zaytsev, զայցեւ
zdanov, zhdanov
zdanov, жданов
zdanow, zhdanov
zdanow, zjdanov
zdanow, жданов
zdena, zdenka
zdene, zdenek
zeeuw, зеув
zeljko, желько
zeljko, жељко
zenao, zenon
zeng, цзэн
zenko, zenkou
zenko, дзэнко
zenkou, дзэнко
zeno, zenon
zenodot, zenodoto
zenodot, zenodotus
zenodoto, zenodotos
zenodoto, zenodotus
zensuke, дзэнсукэ
zentaro, дзэнтаро
zervos, ζερβος
zhak, жак
zhak, ժակ
zhakov, жаков
zhan, жан
zhan, ժան
zhana, жана
zhanat, жанат
zhang, zhongfu
zhang, чжан
zhang, џанг
zhanna, zjanna
zhanna, жанна
zhanna, ժաննա
zhao, ζαο
zhao, чжао
zharkov, zjarkov
zharkov, жарков
zharkova, жаркова
zharov, жаров
zhdanov, zjdanov
zhdanov, жданов
zhekov, жеков
zhelev, желев
zheleznyak, железняк
zheleznyakov, железняков
zhelyazkov, желязков
zhen, чжень
zhen, чжэнь
zheng, чжэн
zherdev, жердев
zholobov, жолобов
zhong, zong
zhou, чжоу
zhou, чоу
zhu, чжу
zhuk, zjuk
zhuk, zuk
zhuk, жук
zhukov, zjoekov
zhukov, zjukov
zhukov, zsukov
zhukov, zukov
zhukov, zukow
zhukov, жуков
zhukova, жукова
zhuravlev, zjoeravljov
zhuravlev, журавлев
zhuravlev, журавльов
zhuravlyov, журавлев
zhuravlyov, журавльов
zjan, жан
zjanna, жанна
zjarkov, жарков
zjarov, жаров
zjdanov, жданов
zjekov, жеков
zjoek, жук
zjoekov, жуков
zjoekova, жукова
zjoeravljov, журавлев
zjuk, жук
zjukov, zsukov
zjukov, жуков
zoege, цеге
zoja, zoya
zoja, зоя
zoja, զոյա
zoller, цоллер
zollern, τσολερν
zollern, цолерн
zollern, цоллерн
zong, цзун
zorn, цорн
zotov, zotow
zotov, зотов
zotow, зотов
zou, цзоу
zoubov, zubov
zoubov, zubow
zoubov, зубов
zoya, зоя
zoya, զոյա
zsolt, жолт
zsukov, zukow
zsukov, жуков
zsuzsa, zsuzsanna
zubchenko, зубченко
zuber, цубер
zubkov, zubkow
zubkov, зубков
zubkova, зубкова
zubkow, зубков
zubov, zubow
zubov, зубов
zubow, зубов
zucker, цукер
zuckerkandl, цукеркандль
zuercher, zurcher
zuev, zujev
zuev, зуев
zujev, zuyev
zujev, зуев
zuk, жук
zukov, жуков
zukow, жуков
zundel, цундель
zur, цур
zurawlow, журавлев
zurawlow, журавльов
zuyev, зуев
zvonarjova, звонарева
zwetana, цветана
zyganow, цыганов
zygfryd, ζηγκφρητ
zykov, зыков
ælle, елла
ælle, элла
æthelred, етельред
æthelred, этельред
æthelwald, æthelwold
þor, тор
đang, данг
đang, дэн
đuc, дук
đuong, тан
ławrow, лавров
łazar, лазар
łazar, лазарь
łazarz, лазар
łobanow, лобанов
łobow, лобов
łomonosow, ломоносов
łos, лось
łucenko, луценко
łuka, лука
łukasz, λουκας
łukasz, лукаш
łukasz, լուկաշ
łukjanow, лукьянов
œls, ελς
œls, оелс
əhmədov, ахмедов
ələkbərov, алекперов
ələsgərov, алескеров
əsgərov, аскеров
ααρων, аарон
αβεν, авен
αβρααμ, авраам
αβρααμ, աբրահամ
αγαθων, агатон
αγγελος, ангел
αγγελος, ангелос
αγνη, агнес
αγνη, агнеса
αγνη, агнесса
αδαλβερτος, адалберт
αδαλβερτος, адальберт
αδολφος, адолф
αδολφος, адольф
αδολφος, ადოლფ
αζναβουρ, азнавур
αλβαρεζ, альварес
αλβαρο, альваро
αλβερτος, алберт
αλβερτος, албрехт
αλβερτος, альберт
αλβερτος, альбрехт
αλεξανδρα, александра
αλεξανδρα, олександра
αλεξανδρος, александар
αλεξανδρος, александер
αλεξανδρος, александр
αλεξανδρος, александрос
αλεξανδρος, александру
αλεξανδρος, александър
αλεξανδρος, олександр
αλεξανδρος, ալեքսանդր
αλεξανδρος, ალექსანდრე
αλεξαντερ, александар
αλεξαντερ, александр
αλεξαντερ, александър
αλεξαντερ, олександр
αλεξαντερ, ալեքսանդր
αλεξαντρ, александар
αλεξαντρ, александр
αλεξαντρ, александър
αλεξαντρ, олександр
αλεξαντρ, ալեքսանդր
αλεξαντρ, ალექსანდრე
αλεξαντροβνα, александровна
αλεξαντροφ, александров
αλεχαντρο, алехандро
αλμπερ, альбер
αλμπερτ, алберт
αλμπερτ, альберт
αλμπερτ, ալբերտ
αλμπερτ, ალბერტ
αλμπερτο, алберто
αλμπερτο, альберто
αλμπερτο, ալբերտո
αλμπερτο, ალბერტო
αλμπρε, альбре
αλμπρεχτ, альбрехт
αλμπρεχτ, ალბრეხტ
αλντο, алдо
αλντο, альдо
αλντο, ալդո
αλτενμπουρκ, алтенбург
αλφονσος, алфонс
αλφονσος, алфонсо
αλφονσος, альфонс
αλφονσος, альфонсо
αλφονσος, афонсо
αλφονσος, афонсу
αλφονσος, ალფონსო
αλφρεδος, альфред
αλφρεντ, алфред
αλφρεντ, альфред
αλφρεντ, ալֆրեդ
αλφρεντ, ალფრედ
αμπας, аббас
αμπελ, абел
αμπελ, абель
αμπου, абу
αμπου, աբու
αμπου, აბუ
ανδρεας, андреа
ανδρεας, андреас
αννα, ана
αννα, анна
αννα, ганна
αννα, աննա
αννα, ანა
ανσμπαχ, ансбах
ανσμπαχ, ансбахская
αντα, ада
ανταμ, адам
ανταμ, ադամ
ανταμς, адамс
ανταμς, ադամս
αντερσον, андерсон
αντζελα, анджела
αντολφ, адолф
αντολφ, адольф
αντολφ, ադոլֆ
αντολφ, ადოლფ
αντον, антон
αντονοφ, антонов
αντρεα, андреа
αντρεα, андреја
αντρεα, անդրեա
ανχαλτ, ангальт
ανχαλτ, анхалт
ανχαλτ, анхальт
ανχελ, анхель
αουγκουστ, август
αουγκουστ, аугуст
αουγκουστο, аугусто
αουγκουστο, աուգուստո
απολλοδωρος, аполлодор
αρθουρ, артур
αρθουρ, артър
αρθουρ, արթուր
αρθουρος, артур
αρμαν, арман
αρμστρονγκ, армстронг
αρνολντ, арнолд
αρνολντ, арнольд
αρνολντ, առնոլդ
αρνολντ, არნოლდ
αρνουλφος, арнулф
αρνουλφος, арнульф
αρπαντ, арпад
αρσαμης, арсам
αρτουρ, артур
αρτουρ, արթուր
ασανης, асен
ασουρ, ашшур
ασουρ, აშურ
αστον, ештон
αστον, эштон
αστον, էշթոն
ατταλος, атал
ατταλος, аттал
αυγουστα, августа
αυγουστος, август
αυγουστος, аугуст
αυγουστος, ავგუსტ
αχμετ, ахмед
αχμετ, ахмет
αχμετ, ահմեդ
αχμετ, აჰმედ
βαλεραν, валрам
βαλουα, валоа
βαλουα, валуа
βαλουα, վալուա
βαλουα, ვალუა
βαλτερ, валтер
βαλτερ, вальтер
βαλτερ, վալտեր
βαλτερ, ვალტერ
βαντομ, вандом
βαραμης, бахрам
βαρβαρα, барбара
βαρβαρα, ბარბარა
βαρελα, варела
βαρελα, վարելա
βαρονος, барон
βενσαν, венсан
βερα, вера
βερα, վերա
βερλε, верле
βερμαντουα, вермандуа
βερν, верн
βερναρδος, бернгард
βερναρδος, бернхард
βερνερ, вернер
βερνερ, ვერნერ
βερνον, вернон
βερτρανδος, бертран
βλαχου, влаху
βολφ, вольф
βοναπαρτης, бонапарт
βοναπαρτης, бонапарта
βουκ, вук
βουρβονων, бурбон
βουρβωνων, бурбон
βραβαντης, брабант
βραβαντης, брабантска
βραβαντης, брабантская
βραβαντης, брабанту
βρανδεμβουργου, бранденбург
βρετανης, бретонская
γαλλος, гал
γαλλος, галл
γελενα, елена
γελενα, јелена
γελενα, ելենա
γεραρδος, герхард
γερμανος, герман
γερμανος, германос
γερτρουδη, гертруда
γκαρετ, гарет
γκαρετ, гаррет
γκαρετ, гарретт
γκαρετ, գարեթ
γκασταο, гастан
γκαστον, гастон
γκερμαν, герман
γκλεν, глен
γκλεν, гленн
γκλεν, գլեն
γκομεζ, гомес
γκομεζ, գոմես
γκονσαλες, гонсалес
γκοραν, горан
γκοτα, гота
γκουερα, гуэрра
γκουναρ, гуннар
γκραντ, грант
γκραντ, գրանտ
γκραφ, граф
γκυντερ, гюнтер
γουαλας, уоллес
γουαλας, уолъс
γουελφος, велф
γουελφος, вельф
γουεστον, уэстон
γουλφ, вулф
γουλφ, վուլֆ
γουοκερ, уокер
γουολς, уолш
γουολτερ, волтер
γουολτερ, уолтер
γουολτερ, уолтър
γουολτερ, ուոլտեր
γουολτερ, უოლტერ
γουορεν, уоррен
γουσταυος, густав
δαλασσηνος, далассен
δουκας, дука
δωροθεα, доротея
δωροθεα, დოროთეა
εβα, ева
εβανς, еванс
εβανς, евънс
εβανς, эванс
εγβερτος, эгберт
εδμονδος, эдмунд
εδουαρδος, едвард
εδουαρδος, едуард
εδουαρδος, эдвард
εδουαρδος, эдуард
εδουαρδος, էդուարդ
εδουαρδος, ედუარდ
εζεν, ежен
εζεν, эжен
εζεν, էժեն
εκτορ, ектор
εκτορ, хектор
εκτορ, эктор
ελεν, гелен
ελεν, хелен
ελεν, հելեն
ελενα, елена
ελενα, олена
ελενα, хелена
ελενα, ելենա
ελενη, елена
ελενη, олена
ελενη, јелена
ελεονορα, елеонора
ελεονορα, леонора
ελεονορα, элеонора
ελεονωρα, елеонора
ελεονωρα, элеонора
ελεωνορα, елеонора
ελεωνορα, элеонора
ελς, оелс
εμμα, эмма
εμμα, էմմա
ενγκελ, энгель
εντμον, едмон
εντμον, эдмон
εντμουντ, едмунд
εντμουντ, едмънд
εντμουντ, эдмунд
εντμουντ, ედმუნდ
εντουαρ, едуар
εντουαρ, едуард
εντουαρ, эдуар
εντουαρ, էդուար
εντουαρ, էդուարդ
ερβε, эрве
ερνεστ, ернест
ερνεστ, ърнест
ερνεστ, ერნესტ
ερνεστος, ернст
ερνεστος, эрнст
ερντμαν, ердман
ερντμαν, эрдман
ερρερα, эррера
εστεμπαν, эстебан
ευα, ева
ευα, эва
ευα, єва
ευα, ევა
ευαγγελος, евангелос
ζααρμπρυκεν, саарбрюкен
ζακ, жак
ζακ, ժակ
ζακ, ჟაკ
ζαν, жан
ζαν, жанна
ζαν, ժան
ζαν, ჟან
ζεραρ, жерар
ζεραρ, ժերար
ζεραρ, ჟერარ
ζερομ, жером
ζοαο, жуан
ζοζε, жозе
ζοζεφ, жозеф
ζοζεφ, ժոզեֆ
ζοζεφ, ჟოზეფ
ζοφρουα, жоффруа
θατσερ, тэтчер
θεοβαλδος, теобалд
θεοδωρα, теодора
θεοδωρα, феодора
θεοδωρα, თეოდორა
θεοδωρος, теодор
θεοδωρος, теодорос
θεοδωρος, феодор
θεοδωρος, թեոդոր
θεοδωρος, թեոդորոս
θεοφανης, теофан
θεοφανω, феофано
θεων, теон
θωμας, тома
θωμας, фома
καζαν, казан
καλντερον, калдерон
καρλ, карл
καρλ, կարլ
καρλ, კარლ
καρλο, карло
καρλος, карлос
καρλοτα, шарлота
καρλοτα, шарлотта
καρλοττα, шарлота
καρλοττα, шарлотта
καρνο, карно
καρολος, карл
καρολος, карло
καρολος, карлос
καρολος, чарльз
καρολος, шарл
καρολος, шарль
καρολος, կառլ
καρολος, կարլ
καρολος, շառլ
καρολος, კარლ
καρολος, კარლო
καρολος, შარლ
κασσελ, гессен
κεν, кен
κενεθ, кенет
κενεθ, кеннет
κετεν, кьотен
κλεμαν, клеман
κλερμον, клермон
κλημης, клеменс
κλημης, კლემენტ
κλοντ, клод
κλοντ, կլոդ
κλοντ, კლოდ
κλωντ, клод
κλωντ, կլոդ
κοεν, коэн
κομνηνος, կոմնենոս
κομπουρκ, кобург
κονραντ, конрад
κοντε, конде
κοντε, კონდეს
κορραδος, конрад
κοσμας, козма
κοσμας, косма
κοχ, кох
κρομγουελ, кромвель
κρουγκερ, крюгер
κρουζ, круз
κροφορντ, кроуфорд
κωστας, коста
λαβ, лав
λαβ, լավ
λαβροφ, лавров
λαζαρος, лазар
λαζλο, ласло
λανγκ, ланг
λαντεν, լադեն
λαουενμπουρκ, лауенбург
λεβ, лев
λεβ, լեւ
λεβ, ლევ
λεβαν, ლევან
λεοναρντ, леонард
λεοναρντ, լեոնարդ
λεοναρντ, ლეონარდ
λεοναρντο, леонардо
λεοπολδος, леополд
λεοπολδος, леопольд
λεοπολδος, լեոպոլդ
λεοπολντ, леополд
λεοπολντ, леопольд
λεοπολντ, լեոպոլդ
λεσεκ, лешек
λεφεβρ, лефевр
λεων, лав
λεων, лев
λεων, лъв
λεων, լեւոն
λεων, ლეონ
λομπαρντο, ломбардо
λονγκ, лонг
λοπεθ, лопес
λοραν, лоран
λορδος, лорд
λορεντζο, лоренцо
λορεντσο, лоренцо
λορεντσο, լորենցո
λουκας, лукас
λουκας, лукаш
λουκας, լուկաս
λουξεμβουργου, люксембург
μαγδαληνη, магдалена
μαγκνους, магнус
μαγκνους, მაგნუს
μακαρθουρ, макартур
μαλκολμ, малкълм
μαμαντου, мамаду
μανε, մանե
μανφρεντ, манфред
μαξ, макс
μαξ, մաքս
μαξγουελ, максвелл
μαξγουελ, максуел
μαουντμπαττεν, маунтбатън
μαργκαρετ, маргарет
μαργκαρετ, մարգարետ
μαρθα, марта
μαρκος, марк
μαρκος, марко
μαρκος, մարկոս
μαρκος, მარკუს
μαρς, марш
μαρσα, марша
μαρσαλ, маршал
μαρσαλ, маршалл
μαρσαλ, մարշալ
ματ, мат
ματ, мет
ματ, метт
ματ, мэтт
ματ, մեթ
μαυροκορδατος, маврокордат
μαυροκορδατος, маврокордатос
μαχμουτ, махмуд
μεβλουτ, мевлют
μεγας, մեծ
μεγκαν, меган
μεγκαν, մեգան
μεκλεμβουργου, мекленбург
μενανδρος, менандр
μεχμετ, мехмед
μεχμετ, мехмет
μεχμετ, մեհմեդ
μεχμετ, მეჰმედ
μητροδωρος, метродор
μλαντεν, младен
μοργκαν, морган
μοργκαν, մորգան
μοτσαρτ, моцарт
μοτσαρτ, մոցարտ
μουμπαρακ, мубарак
μοχαμετ, мохаммед
μπακ, бак
μπαουερ, бауэр
μπαρ, бар
μπαρουχ, барух
μπαρτ, барт
μπαρτοκ, барток
μπαρτοκ, բարտոկ
μπαρτολομεο, бартоломео
μπαρτον, բարթոն
μπατλερ, батлер
μπατλερ, бътлър
μπατλερ, բաթլեր
μπαχ, бах
μπεκ, бек
μπεκερ, бекер
μπεκερ, беккер
μπελ, бел
μπελ, белл
μπελα, бела
μπελα, белла
μπελα, բելա
μπελα, ბელა
μπεν, бен
μπεν, բեն
μπεν, ბენ
μπενετ, беннетт
μπενζαμεν, бенжамен
μπενουα, бенуа
μπερθα, берта
μπερναρ, бернар
μπερνς, бернс
μπερνς, бърнс
μπερτα, берта
μπερτραν, бертран
μπερτραντ, бертран
μπετε, бете
μπετε, ბეთე
μπλακ, блек
μπλακ, блэк
μπλακ, բլեք
μπλερ, блэр
μπλου, блу
μπλουα, блуа
μπλουμ, блум
μπολεσλαος, болеслав
μπολεσλαφ, болеслав
μπορ, бор
μπορ, բոր
μπορλε, борле
μπουρακ, бурак
μπους, буш
μπους, բուշ
μπρανκο, бранко
μπραντ, брандт
μπραουν, браун
μπραουν, բրաուն
μπρεντα, бренда
μπρενταν, брендан
μπρουκ, брук
μπρουκς, брукс
μπρουνο, бруно
μπρους, брус
μπρους, брюс
μπρους, բրյուս
μυρα, мюрат
ναπολεων, наполеон
νας, нэш
νας, նեշ
νεβερ, невер
νερων, нерон
νορθ, норт
νταλας, далас
νταλας, даллас
νταν, дан
νταν, дэн
νταν, դեն
ντανκαν, данкан
ντανκαν, дункан
ντανκαν, դունկան
νταντε, данте
νταντολο, дандоло
νταρεν, даррен
νταρμον, дармон
νταφ, дафф
ντελλα, дела
ντελλα, делла
ντερεκ, дерек
ντον, дон
ντον, դոն
ντονα, донна
ντουρλαχ, дурлах
ντουσαν, душан
ντρεστ, друст
ντρου, дрю
ντρου, դրյու
ξενοφων, ксенофон
οθων, ото
οθων, отон
οθων, отто
οθων, оттон
οθων, օտտոն
ολαφ, олаф
ολγκα, ольга
ολγκα, օլգա
ολεγκ, олег
ολεγκ, օլեգ
ονορε, оноре
ονορε, օնորե
ονορε, ონორე
οντα, ода
οουεν, овен
οουεν, оуэн
οραγγης, оранско
ορλεανης, орлеан
ορλεανης, орлеанска
ορλεανης, орлеанская
οροντης, ерванд
οροντης, єрванд
οροντης, երվանդ
ορχαν, орхан
οσκαρ, оскар
οσκαρ, օսկար
οσμαν, осман
ουγκο, уго
ουγος, гуго
ουγος, хуго
ουεσσεξ, весекса
ουμπερτο, умберто
ουρος, урош
ουσουρ, уцур
παβελ, павел
παβελ, павло
παβελ, պավել
παβλε, павле
παμπλο, пабло
παπας, папа
παπας, պապ
παρμας, пармская
πασα, паша
πασα, ფაშა
πασας, паша
πασας, փաշա
πασας, ფაშა
παυλοπουλος, павлопулос
παυλος, павел
παυλος, павле
παυλος, павло
παυλος, павлос
παυλος, პავლე
περεθ, перес
πετρος, педро
πετρος, петар
πετρος, петер
πετρος, петр
πετρος, петро
πετρος, петър
πετρος, пьетро
πετρος, პედრო
πετρος, პეტრე
πολ, поль
πολγκαρ, полгар
ποποφ, попов
ραντα, рада
ραντου, раду
ραουλ, рауль
ραυμονδος, рамон
ραφαελ, рафаел
ραφαελ, рафаель
ραφαελ, рафаэль
ραφαελ, ռաֆայել
ραφαελ, რაფაელ
ρεμπεκα, ребекка
ροαν, роган
ροβερε, ровере
ροβερτος, робер
ροβερτος, роберт
ροβερτος, ռոբերտ
ροδολφος, рудолф
ροδολφος, рудольф
ροκγουελ, рокуэлл
ρομπ, роб
ρομπ, ռոբ
ρομπερ, робер
ρομπερ, ռոբեր
ρομπερ, რობერ
ρομπερτ, роберт
ρομπερτ, робърт
ρομπερτ, ռոբերտ
ρομπερτ, რობერტ
ρομπερτο, роберто
ρομπερτο, ռոբերտո
ρομπερτς, робертс
ρομπερτς, робъртс
ρομπσον, робсон
ροναλντ, роналд
ροναλντ, рональд
ροναλντ, ռոնալդ
ροντ, род
ρος, рош
ροτ, рот
ροτζερ, роджер
ροτζερ, роджър
ροτζερ, роџер
ροτζερ, როჯერ
ρουζβελτ, рузвельт
ρουζβελτ, ռուզվելտ
ρουθ, рут
ρουθ, ռութ
ρουμπεν, рубен
ρουμπεν, ռուբեն
ρουντολφ, рудолф
ρουντολφ, рудольф
ρουντολφ, ռուդոլֆ
ρουντολφ, რუდოლფ
ρουπρεχτ, рупрехт
ρουφος, руф
ρωμανος, роман
σαδερλαντ, садерланд
σαδερλαντ, сазерленд
σαδερλαντ, սազերլենդ
σαλβατορε, сальваторе
σαλμαν, салман
σαλον, шалон
σαλουτσο, салуццо
σαμ, сам
σαμ, сем
σαμ, сэм
σαμ, սեմ
σαμουελ, самюель
σαμουελ, самюэль
σαμουελ, самјуел
σαμουελ, սամուել
σαμπο, сабо
σαντσες, санчес
σαξ, сакс
σαξ, саксен
σαξεν, саксен
σαρλ, шарл
σαρλ, шарль
σαρλ, շառլ
σαρλ, შარლ
σαρλοτ, шарлотта
σασα, саша
σασα, սաշա
σαχ, шах
σαχ, შაჰ
σβεν, свен
σβετ, швет
σβετλανα, светлана
σεβηρος, север
σεθ, сет
σελευκος, селевк
σεπαρντ, шепард
σεπαρντ, шеппард
σεπαρντ, шепърд
σεπαρντ, շեփարդ
σερζ, серж
σερζ, սերժ
σκοτ, скотт
σολομων, соломон
σονντερμπουρκ, зондербург
σουλταν, султан
σουλταν, սուլթան
σουμαν, шуман
σουμαχερ, шумахер
σουμπερτ, шуберт
σταυρος, ставрос
σταφορντ, стаффорд
στεβαν, стеван
στεφαν, стефан
στεφαν, щефан
στεφαν, ստեֆան
στεφανος, стефан
στεφανος, სტეფანე
σφορτσα, сфорца
σφορτσα, სფორცა
σωκρατης, сократ
ταντεμα, թադեմա
ταντεους, тадеуш
τεντ, тед
τεντ, թեդ
τεοντορ, теодор
τεοντορ, թեոդոր
τεοντορα, теодора
τερεζα, тереза
τερεζα, թերեզա
τερεζα, ტერეზა
τζακ, джак
τζακ, джек
τζακ, жек
τζακ, џек
τζακ, ջեք
τζακ, ჯეკ
τζακομο, джакомо
τζακσον, джаксън
τζακσον, джексон
τζακσον, џексон
τζακσον, ջեքսոն
τζαν, джан
τζανετ, джанет
τζανετ, џенет
τζανετ, ջանեթ
τζαρεντ, джаред
τζαρεντ, џаред
τζαρεντ, ջարեդ
τζαρεντ, ჯარედ
τζεφ, джеф
τζεφ, джефф
τζεφ, џеф
τζεφ, ջեֆ
τζεφ, ჯეფ
τζοαν, джоан
τζοαν, џоан
τζοαν, џоун
τζοαν, ջոան
τζοζεφ, джозеф
τζοζεφ, джоузеф
τζοζεφ, џозеф
τζοζεφ, ժոզեֆ
τζοζεφ, ջոզեֆ
τζοζεφ, ჯოზეფ
τζον, джон
τζον, жон
τζον, џон
τζον, ջոն
τζον, ჯონ
τζοναθαν, джонатан
τζονσον, джонсон
τζονσον, джонсън
τζονσον, џонсон
τζονσον, ջոնսոն
τζοουνς, джонс
τζοουνς, джоунс
τζοουνς, џонс
τζοουνς, џоунс
τζοουνς, ջոնս
τζορνταν, джордан
τζορνταν, џордан
τζουζεπε, джузепе
τζουζεπε, джузеппе
τζουζεπε, ђузепе
τζουζεπε, џузепе
τζων, джон
τζων, џон
τζων, ջոն
τζων, ჯონ
τοκκος, токко
τομ, том
τομ, թոմ
τομ, ტომ
τομας, томас
τομας, թոմաս
τομας, თომას
τομσον, томпсон
τομσον, թոմփսոն
τοντ, тод
τοντ, тодд
τοντ, թոդ
του, баден
του, жан
του, фон
του, դուքս
τουρ, тур
τρυντω, трюдо
τσαουσεσκου, чаушеску
τσαουσεσκου, չաուշեսկու
τσαπμαν, чапман
τσαπμαν, чепмен
τσεζαρε, чезаре
τσολερν, цоллерн
τυδωρ, тюдор
τυδωρ, тјудор
τυδωρ, թյուդոր
φεντερερ, федерер
φεντορ, федор
φεοντορα, феодора
φερναντεθ, фернандес
φερναντο, фернандо
φερναντο, ֆեռնանդո
φερναντο, ფერნანდო
φλανδρας, фландрская
φον, фон
φον, ֆոն
φον, ფონ
φορντ, форд
φορντ, ֆորդ
φουκουντα, фукуда
φουκουντα, ֆուկուդա
φουλκων, фулк
φουλκων, фульк
φρανκ, франк
φρανκ, френк
φρανκ, фрэнк
φρανκ, ֆրանկ
φρανκ, ֆրենկ
φρανκ, ფრენკ
φρανκο, франко
φρανκο, ֆրանկո
φρανκο, ფრანკო
φρανς, франс
φρανς, франц
φρανσουα, франсоа
φρανσουα, франсуа
φρανσουα, ֆրանսուա
φρανσουα, ფრანსუა
φραντς, франц
φραντς, ֆրանց
φραντς, ფრანც
φραντσεσκα, франческа
φραντσεσκα, ֆրանչեսկա
φραντσεσκο, франческо
φραντσεσκο, ֆրանչեսկո
φρεντ, фред
φωκας, фока
φωκας, ფოკა
χαλ, хэл
χαλς, халс
χαλς, հալս
χαμζα, хамза
χαν, кан
χαν, хан
χαν, խան
χανα, ганна
χανκοκ, хэнкок
χανς, ганс
χανς, ханс
χανς, հանս
χανς, ჰანს
χανσεν, хансен
χαντ, хант
χαντερ, хантер
χαρα, хара
χαραλαμπος, хараламбос
χαρλαν, харлан
χαρπερ, харпер
χαρπερ, харпър
χαρτ, харт
χαρτ, հարթ
χαρτμαν, хартман
χασαν, хасан
χασαν, хассан
χατουν, хатун
χατουν, խաթուն
χελμαν, хелман
χελμουτ, гельмут
χελμουτ, хелмут
χελμουτ, хельмут
χελμουτ, հելմուտ
χελμουτ, ჰელმუტ
χερμαν, герман
χερμαν, херман
χερμαν, հերման
χερμαν, ჰერმან
χοενλοε, хоенлое
χολ, хол
χολ, холл
χολαντ, голланд
χολαντ, холланд
χολαντ, հոլանդ
χολλαντ, холланд
χορστ, горст
χορστ, хорст
χοσε, жозе
χοσε, хозе
χοσε, хосе
χοσε, խոսե
χοσε, ხოსე
χουαν, хуан
χουαν, խուան
χουαν, ხუან
χοφμαν, гофман
χοφμαν, хофман
χοφμαν, хоффман
χοφμαν, հոֆման
ωγκυστ, огюст
аарон, աարոն
аарон, ահարոն
абаев, աբաեւ
абас, аббас
аббас, აბას
абд, абдул
абд, աբդ
абд, აბდ
абдель, абдул
абдель, აბდელ
абдул, աբդ
абдул, աբդուլ
абдулла, აბდულა
абдуллаев, абдуллаєв
абдуллаев, աբդուլաեւ
абраам, աբրահամ
абрагам, абрахам
абрагам, աբրահամ
абрам, աբրահամ
абрамов, աբրամով
абрамян, աբրահամյան
абрахам, авраам
абрахам, աբրահամ
абрахам, აბრაამ
абу, աբու
абу, აბუ
авагян, ավագյան
авакян, ավագյան
август, авґуст
август, аугуст
август, ավգուստ
август, ავგუსტ
августо, аугусто
авл, авъл
авраам, аврам
авраам, աբրահամ
авраам, ավրաամ
агаронян, ահարոնյան
агатангел, агафангел
агенобарб, ахенобарб
агнес, агнеса
агнес, агнесса
агнес, ագնես
агнес, აგნეს
агнеса, агнесса
агнеса, აგნეს
агнесса, აგნეს
агоп, հակոբ
адалберт, адальберт
адам, ադամ
адам, ადამ
адамс, ադամս
адамян, ադամյան
аджемян, աճեմյան
адолф, адольф
адолф, ադոլֆ
адолф, ადოლფ
адольф, ադոլֆ
адольф, ადოლფ
адольфо, ადოლფო
аероп, ероп
азарян, ազարյան
акобян, հակոբյան
акоп, հակոբ
акопян, հակոբյան
алам, балам
алб, альб
албер, альбер
албер, альберт
алберт, альберт
алберт, ալբերտ
алберто, альберто
алберто, ալբերտո
алберто, ალბერტო
албрехт, альбрехт
албрехт, ალბრეხტ
алдо, альдо
александар, александр
александар, александър
александар, олександр
александар, ալեքսանդր
александар, ალექსანდრე
александер, александр
александр, александрос
александр, александрс
александр, александър
александр, олександр
александр, ալեքսանդր
александр, ალექსანდრე
александра, олександра
александра, ալեքսանդրա
александров, ալեքսանդրով
александровна, ալեքսանդրովնա
александър, олександр
александър, ալեքսանդր
александър, ალექსანდრე
алексанян, ալեքսանյան
алексеев, алексејев
алексеев, алексєєв
алексеев, ալեքսեեւ
алексеевна, алексејевна
алексеј, ալեքսեյ
алексејевна, ալեքսեեւնա
алена, альона
алесандро, алессандро
алле, ալլե
аллен, алън
алтенбург, альтенбургская
алтенбург, альтенбурзька
алфонс, альфонс
алфонсо, альфонс
алфонсо, альфонсо
алфонсо, ალფონსო
алфред, альфред
алфред, ալֆրեդ
алфред, ალფრედ
альбер, альберт
альбер, ալբեր
альберт, альбрехт
альберт, ալբերտ
альберт, ალბერ
альберт, ალბერტ
альберто, ալբերտո
альберто, ალბერტო
альбрехт, ալբրեխտ
альбрехт, ალბრეხტ
альдо, ալդո
альтенбургская, альтенбурзька
альфонс, альфонсо
альфонс, ალფონს
альфонс, ალფონსო
альфонсо, ალფონსო
альфред, ալֆրեդ
альфред, ალფრედ
аляб, алябьев
амазасп, համազասպ
амаяк, հմայակ
аменемхет, ამენემჰეტ
ана, анна
ана, ганна
ана, աննա
ангальт, анхалт
ангальт, анхальт
анджела, анжела
анджела, анџела
анджела, անժելա
анджело, анжело
андреа, андреја
андреа, անդրեա
андреев, андреєв
андреев, андрєєв
андреев, անդրեեւ
андреева, անդրեեւա
андреєв, անդրեեւ
андреј, անդրեյ
андреја, անդրեա
андрю, ендру
андрю, ендрю
андрю, ендрју
андрю, эндрю
андрю, էնդրյու
анна, ганна
анна, աննա
анна, ანა
ансбах, ансбахская
анхалт, анхальт
анхел, анхель
анхел, անխել
анхель, անխել
аньес, аньєс
аревшатян, արեւշատյան
арета, арефа
арзуманян, արզումանյան
арман, арманд
арман, արման
арман, არმან
арно, առնո
арнолд, арнольд
арнолд, առնոլդ
арнолд, არნოლდ
арнольд, առնոլդ
арнольд, არნოლდ
арнуванда, არნუვანდა
арнулф, арнульф
артабан, արտավան
артавазд, արտավազդ
арташес, արտաշես
арташес, არტაშეს
артем, артемьев
артем, արտյոմ
артур, артурс
артур, артър
артур, артюр
артур, արթուր
артур, ართურ
артур, არტურ
артър, արթուր
арутюн, հարություն
арутюнян, հարությունյան
аршак, արշակ
аршак, არშაკ
аршакян, արշակյան
асеев, асєєв
асратян, հասրաթյան
астахов, աստախով
атал, аттал
аугуст, ավգուստ
аугусто, աուգուստո
афонсо, афонсу
афонсо, აფონსუ
афонсу, აფონსუ
ахмед, ахмет
ахмед, ահմեդ
ахмед, აჰმედ
ахмет, ահմեդ
ахметов, ախմետով
ашот, աշոտ
ашшур, აშურ
бабаев, բաբաեւ
бабаян, բաբայան
баварска, баварская
баварска, баварська
баварская, баварська
багадур, бахадур
багдасарян, բաղդասարյան
балб, бальб
балтазар, бальтазар
барбара, ბარბარა
барсегян, բարսեղյան
барт, բարտ
барток, բարտոկ
бас, басс
батлер, бътлър
батлер, բաթլեր
бах, բախ
бајрон, բայրոն
бек, բեկ
бекер, беккер
бел, белл
бела, բելա
бела, ბელა
белов, бєлов
беляев, бєляєв
беляев, բելյաեւ
бен, բեն
берген, բերգեն
бернар, бернард
бернар, բեռնար
бернар, բերնար
бернард, бернхард
бернгард, бернхард
бернгард, ბერნჰარდ
бернд, բերնդ
бернс, бърнс
бернхард, ბერნჰარდ
бертольд, бертхолд
бертран, бертранд
бертранд, բերտրան
бетанкур, բետանկուր
бете, ბეთე
благое, благоје
благоя, благоја
благоє, благоје
блан, բլան
бланка, бланш
бланка, ბლანკა
бланш, ბლანკა
блек, блэк
блек, բլեք
блок, բլոկ
боарне, богарне
богдан, բոգդան
богомолец, богомолець
боемунд, боэмунд
боемунд, ბოემონდ
болгарская, бугарска
болгарская, българска
болеслав, բոլեսլավ
болеслав, ბოლესლავ
бонапарт, бонапарта
бонапарт, բոնապարտ
бондарев, бондарєв
бондарчук, բոնդարչուկ
боно, բոնո
бор, բոր
бота, բոտա
боэмунд, ბოემონდ
боян, бојан
бояна, бојана
брабант, брабанту
брабантска, брабантская
бранденбургская, бранденбурзька
браун, բրաուն
браян, брајан
браян, բրայան
брајан, բրայան
бред, брэд
бред, բրեդ
брус, брюс
брус, բրյուս
брэд, բրեդ
брюс, բրյուս
бут, բութ
буш, բուշ
бътлър, բաթլեր
бьерн, бјерн
бьерн, єрн
ваагн, վահագն
ваан, վահան
ваган, վահան
ваге, վահե
вагнер, վագներ
ваграм, վահրամ
важа, ვაჟა
вазген, վազգեն
валас, уоллес
валас, ուոլաս
валбек, вальбек
валдек, вальдек
валдемар, вальдемар
валоа, валуа
валоа, վալուա
валоа, ვალუა
валрам, вальрам
валтер, вальтер
валтер, վալտեր
валтер, ვალტერ
валуа, վալուա
валуа, ვალუა
вальдемар, վալդեմար
вальдемар, ვალდემარ
вальтер, վալտեր
вальтер, ვალტერ
ванда, վանդա
вано, վանո
вано, ვანო
ваня, вања
вард, уорд
вардан, վարդան
варданян, վարդանյան
варужан, վարուժան
васкез, васкес
ватанабе, ватанабэ
вахтанг, վախթանգ
вахтанг, ვახტანგ
вацлав, վացլավ
вајт, ուայթ
веб, уэбб
вебб, уэбб
вебер, վեբեր
вебстер, уэбстер
векослав, вјекослав
веллс, уэллс
велф, вельф
венгерская, унгарска
венделл, уэнделл
венцел, венцель
вень, вэнь
вера, վերա
вера, ვერა
вернер, վեռներ
вернер, վերներ
вернер, ვერნერ
вернон, վերնոն
вес, уэс
вес, ուես
вест, уест
вест, уэст
вест, ուեսթ
вестон, уэстон
вокер, уокер
вокер, уокър
вокер, уолкер
волас, воллес
волас, уоллес
волас, ուոլես
воллес, уоллес
воллес, ուոլես
волтер, уолтер
волтер, уолтър
волтер, ուոլթեր
волтер, ուոլտեր
волтер, უოლტერ
волтерс, уолтерс
волтон, уолтон
волтон, ուոլթոն
волф, вольф
волфганг, вольфганг
волфганг, վոլֆգանգ
волфганг, ვოლფგანგ
волфрам, вольфрам
волш, уолш
вольф, վոլֆ
вольфганг, վոլֆգանգ
вольфганг, ვოლფგანგ
вонг, վոնգ
ворд, уорд
ворен, уоррен
ворен, უორენ
ворнер, уорнер
воррен, уоррен
восканян, ոսկանյան
вотсон, уотсон
всеволод, վսեւոլոդ
вуд, վուդ
вулзон, вульсон
вулф, вульф
вулф, улф
вулф, վուլֆ
вюртемберг, вюртембергская
вюртемберг, вюртемберзька
вюртембергская, вюртемберзька
вячеслав, вјачеслав
вячеслав, ячеслав
вячеслав, վյաչեսլավ
вјачеслав, վյաչեսլավ
гаас, хаас
габсбург, габсбурґ
габсбург, հաբսբուրգ
гадсон, хадсон
гал, галл
галахър, галлахер
галеацо, галеаццо
гамлет, համլետ
гаммер, хаммер
ган, хан
ганна, хана
ганна, ханна
ганна, աննա
ганс, ханс
ганс, հանս
ганс, ჰანს
гансен, хансен
гант, хант
гантер, хантер
гантер, хънтър
гаральд, харалд
гаральд, харальд
гаральд, հարալդ
гарет, գարեթ
гарнер, гарнър
гарольд, харолд
гарольд, харольд
гарольд, հարոլդ
гарольд, ჰაროლდ
гарпер, харпер
гарт, харт
гартман, хартман
гасан, հասան
гасанов, հասանով
гасдрубал, хасдрубал
гаспарян, գասպարյան
геворг, գեւորգ
геворгян, գեւորգյան
геворк, գեւորգ
геворкян, գեւորգյան
гегам, գեղամ
геза, ґеза
гектор, ектор
гектор, хектор
гектор, հեկտոր
гела, გელა
гелен, хелен
гелена, хелена
гелена, հելենա
гелмс, хелмс
гельмут, хелмут
гельмут, хельмут
гендерсон, хендерсон
георг, ґеорґ
георг, գեորգ
георг, ջորջ
георг, გეორგ
георг, ჯორჯ
герард, герхард
герард, գերարդ
герберт, херберт
герберт, хърбърт
герберт, հերբերտ
герберт, ჰერბერტ
гергард, герхард
герда, գերդա
гереро, герреро
герман, херман
герман, գերման
герман, հերման
герман, ჰერმან
германн, херман
герст, херст
герст, հերսթ
герта, херта
герхард, ґергард
герхард, գերհարդ
герхард, გერჰარდ
герцог, херцог
герцог, հերցոգ
гессен, хесен
глен, гленн
глен, գլեն
гленн, գլեն
говард, хауард
говард, хауърд
говард, ховард
говард, հովարդ
говард, ჰოვარდ
гогенлое, гогенлоэ
годж, ходж
голл, холл
голланд, холланд
голмс, холмс
голубев, գոլուբեւ
гольгер, хольгер
гомес, գոմես
гонзага, ґонзаґа
гонзага, გონძაგა
гончаров, գոնչարով
гоппер, хоппер
горбачев, горбачов
горст, хорст
гофман, хофман
гофман, հոֆման
гоффман, хоффман
гоффманн, хоффман
гоча, გოჩა
гракх, грах
грант, գրանտ
грант, հրանտ
грач, հրաչ
грачья, հրաչյա
грег, գրեգ
грем, греъм
грем, грэм
грехем, грэм
греъм, грејам
греъм, грэм
грејам, грэм
грэм, ґрем
грэм, գրեմ
грэм, გრემ
губер, хубер
губерт, хуберт
гуго, хуго
гуго, հուգո
гуго, ჰუგო
гула, дьюла
гумбольдт, հումբոլդտ
гурген, գուրգեն
гусев, гусєв
густав, գուստավ
густав, გუსტავ
гут, хут
гуґо, хуго
гюстав, գյուստավ
далас, даллас
даль, դալ
дам, дамьян
дан, дэн
дан, դեն
данкан, дункан
данкан, դունկան
данске, датская
данська, датская
данте, դանթե
данте, დანტე
дар, дарья
дароу, дэрроу
дарья, դարյա
двајт, դուայթ
девлет, դեւլեթ
девлет, დევლეთ
деже, дежьо
дела, делла
дем, демьян
ден, дэн
денгоф, денгофф
десау, дессау
деян, дејан
деян, դեյան
дејан, դեյան
дејв, դեյվ
джак, джек
джак, жек
джак, џек
джак, ջեք
джаксън, джексон
джаксън, џексон
джаксън, ջեքսոն
джамал, ջամալ
джан, џан
джанет, џенет
джанет, ջանեթ
джанлука, ђанлука
джанлука, џанлука
джаред, жаред
джаред, џаред
джаред, ջարեդ
джаред, ჯარედ
джафар, ջաֆար
джевдет, џевдет
джек, джэк
джек, жек
джек, џек
джек, ջեք
джек, ჯეკ
джексон, жексон
джексон, џексон
джексон, ջեքսոն
джена, џена
дженнер, џенер
дженнер, ջեններ
джералд, џералд
джеф, джефф
джеф, џеф
джеф, ջեֆ
джеф, ჯეფ
джефф, џеф
джефф, ჯეფ
джефферсон, ջեֆերսոն
джоан, џоан
джоан, џоун
джоан, ջոան
джоан, ჯოან
джозеф, джоузеф
джозеф, џозеф
джозеф, ժոզեֆ
джозеф, ջոզեֆ
джозеф, ჯოზეფ
джон, жон
джон, џон
джон, ջոն
джон, ჯონ
джонатан, жонатан
джонатан, џонатан
джонс, джоунс
джонс, жонс
джонс, џонс
джонс, џоунс
джонс, ջոնս
джонсон, джонстон
джонсон, джонсън
джонсон, жонсон
джонсон, џонсон
джонсон, ջոնսոն
джонсън, жонсон
джонсън, џонсон
джонсън, ջոնսոն
джордан, жордан
джордан, џордан
джордан, ջորդան
джоузеф, џозеф
джоузеф, ջոզեֆ
джоузеф, ჯოზეფ
джоунс, џонс
джоунс, џоунс
джоунс, ջոնս
джузепе, джузеппе
джузепе, жузеппе
джузеппе, жузеппе
джузеппе, ђузепе
джузеппе, џузепе
джузеппе, ջուզեպպե
джузеппе, ჯუზეპე
доде, դոդե
доде, დოდე
дон, դոն
доротея, доротеја
доротея, դորոթեա
доротея, დოროთეა
дру, дрю
дрю, դրյու
дункан, դունկան
дурлах, дурлахская
дуров, դուրով
дьюла, ђула
дьяченко, дяченко
дэн, դեն
дюма, դյումա
еберхард, эберхард
ева, эва
ева, єва
ева, եվա
ева, ევა
еванс, евънс
еванс, эванс
евънс, эванс
егор, єгор
егорова, єгорова
едвард, едуард
едвард, эдвард
едвард, эдуард
едвард, էդուարդ
едвард, էդվարդ
едвард, ედვარდ
едвард, ედუარდ
едвардс, эдвардс
едвардс, էդվարդս
едмон, эдмон
едмон, էդմոն
едмунд, едмънд
едмунд, эдмунд
едмунд, էդմունդ
едмунд, ედმუნდ
едмънд, ედმუნდ
едуар, едуард
едуар, эдуар
едуар, эдуард
едуар, էդուար
едуард, эдвард
едуард, эдуар
едуард, эдуард
едуард, էդուարդ
едуард, էդվարդ
едуард, ედუარდ
ежен, эжен
ежен, էժեն
екгольм, экхольм
екояма, јокојама
ектор, хектор
ектор, эктор
ектор, էկտոր
ектор, հեկտոր
ектор, ექტორ
елен, элен
елена, олена
елена, хелена
елена, єлена
елена, јелена
елена, ելենա
елена, ელენა
елеонора, элеонора
елеонора, ელეონორა
елла, элла
ема, эмма
емма, эмма
емма, էմմա
енгелберт, энгельберт
енгелман, энгельманн
енгель, энгель
енгельберт, энгельберт
ендру, ендрю
ендру, эндрю
ендру, էնդրյու
ендрю, ендрју
ендрю, эндрю
ендрю, էնդրյու
ендрју, эндрю
ендрју, էնդրյու
енн, энн
енцо, энцо
енґель, энгель
ербах, эрбах
ерванд, єрванд
ерванд, երվանդ
ерве, эрве
ердман, эрдман
еременко, єременко
ернан, эрнан
ернандез, ернандес
ернандез, էռնանդես
ернандес, эрнандес
ернандес, էռնանդես
ернест, ърнест
ернест, эрнест
ернест, ერნესტ
ернст, эрнст
ернст, էռնստ
еррера, эррера
ершов, єршов
ершов, երշով
есаян, եսայան
есек, эсекьель
естер, эстер
етел, этель
етель, этель
етельред, этельред
етьєн, этьен
ефрем, јефрем
ефремова, єфремова
ештон, эштон
ештон, էշթոն
жак, ժակ
жак, ჟაკ
жан, јован
жан, ժան
жан, ჟან
жана, жанна
жана, ժաննա
жана, ჟანა
жанна, ժաննա
жанна, ჟანა
жек, џек
жек, ջեք
жексон, ջեքսոն
жерар, ժերար
жерар, ჟერარ
жоан, жуан
жоао, жуан
жоао, ჟუან
жоау, жуан
жоель, жоэль
жозе, ժոզե
жозе, խոսե
жозе, ჟოზე
жозеп, хосеп
жозеф, ժոզեֆ
жозеф, ჟოზეფ
жон, џон
жон, ջոն
жон, ჯონ
жонсон, џонсон
жонсон, ջոնսոն
жордан, ջորդան
жуан, жуау
жуан, ժուան
жуан, ჟოან
жуан, ჟუან
журавлев, журавльов
заменгоф, զամենհոֆ
зограбян, զոհրաբյան
зоя, զոյա
зуев, зуєв
кабальеро, կաբալյերո
кадзуо, казуо
казарян, ղազարյան
какабадзе, კაკაბაძე
кан, хан
кан, խան
караваев, караваєв
карапетян, կարապետյան
карл, карло
карл, карлос
карл, шарл
карл, шарль
карл, կառլ
карл, կարլ
карл, շառլ
карл, չարլզ
карл, კარლ
карл, კარლო
карл, შარლ
карло, карлос
карло, шарл
карло, կառլ
карло, շառլ
карло, კარლ
карло, კარლო
карло, შარლ
карлос, կառլոս
кезо, кезон
кезо, цезон
кезон, цезон
кен, кенет
кен, кеннет
кен, քեն
кендзо, кэндзо
кенет, кеннет
кенет, քենեթ
кеннет, քենեթ
кеннет, კენეთ
кеосаян, քեոսայան
кетеван, ქეთევან
клеве, клевская
клод, կլոդ
клод, კლოდ
клуге, клюге
кнут, կնուտ
князев, князєв
ковалев, ковальов
коджа, коџа
коджа, ქოჯა
коен, коэн
козлов, կոզլով
колдвелл, колдуэлл
комаров, կոմարով
коммод, комод
конде, კონდეს
кононов, կոնոնով
конрад, կոնրադ
конрад, კონრად
кос, косс
кох, կոխ
кочарян, քոչարյան
коэн, քոհեն
коџа, ქოჯა
кравец, кравець
краль, краљ
крас, красс
крег, крејг
круз, крус
круз, քրուզ
крюгер, կրյուգեր
ксавер, ксавьер
кузнецов, кузнєцов
кузнецов, кузњецов
кузнецов, կուզնեցով
кузнецова, кузнєцова
кузьма, կուզմա
кхан, хан
лав, лев
лав, лъв
лав, լավ
лав, լեւ
лав, լեւոն
лав, ლეონ
лазар, лазарь
лазарев, լազարեւ
лангенбургская, лангенбурзька
ласло, լասլո
лауенбург, лауэнбургская
лафон, լաֆոն
лаша, լաշա
лаша, ლაშა
лебедев, лебедєв
лебедев, լեբեդեւ
лебедєв, լեբեդեւ
лев, левко
лев, леон
лев, лъв
лев, լեւ
лев, լեւոն
лев, ლევ
лев, ლეო
лев, ლეონ
леван, լեւան
леван, ლევან
левон, լեւոն
левон, ლევონ
легран, լեգրան
леонард, լեոնարդ
леонард, ლეონარდ
леонора, элеонора
леонтьев, леонтьєв
леонтьев, լեոնտեւ
леополд, леопольд
леополд, լեոպոլդ
леополд, ლეოპოლდ
леопольд, լեոպոլդ
леопольд, ლეოპოლდ
лонге, լոնգե
лоран, лорен
лоран, լորան
лоран, ლორან
лоренс, лорънс
лоренц, լորենց
лоренцо, լորենցո
лотар, лотарь
лук, лукьян
лукас, լուկաս
лукаш, լուկաշ
луп, лупус
лъв, ლეო
лъв, ლეონ
любов, любовь
любов, լյուբով
любовь, լյուբով
люка, լյուկա
люксембургская, люксембурзька
магнус, մագնուս
магнус, მაგნუს
магнусон, магнуссон
мадлен, მადლენ
макаров, մակարով
макс, մաքս
макс, მაქს
максвел, максвелл
максвел, максуел
максвел, մաքսվել
максвелл, максуел
максвелл, մաքսվել
манн, ման
манучар, მანუჩარ
мар, марьям
мар, марьян
маргарет, մարգարեթ
маргарет, մարգարետ
маргарет, მარგარეტ
марк, марко
марк, մարկ
марк, մարկոս
марк, მარკუს
марко, մարկոս
марко, მარკუს
марта, մարթա
марул, марулл
марцел, марцелл
марчелло, марчело
марша, մարշա
маршал, маршалл
маршал, մարշալ
маршалл, մարշալ
мат, мет
мат, метт
мат, мэтт
мат, մեթ
матвеев, մատվեեւ
матевосян, մաթեւոսյան
матрена, мотрона
матю, меттью
матю, метью
матю, метју
матю, мэттью
матю, մեթյու
мая, маја
маја, մայա
мгеладзе, მგელაძე
мгер, մհեր
меган, մեգան
медведев, медведєв
медведев, մեդվեդեւ
мекленбург, მეკლენბურგ
меружан, մերուժան
мет, метт
мет, мэтт
мет, մեթ
метел, метелл
метт, мэтт
метт, мэттью
меттью, метју
меттью, мэттью
меттью, մեթյու
метью, мэттью
метью, մեթյու
метју, мэттью
метју, մեթյու
мехмед, мехмет
мехмед, մեհմեդ
мехмед, մուհամմեդ
мехмед, მეჰმედ
мехмет, մեհմեդ
меј, մեյ
мкртчян, մկրտչյան
молчанов, մոլչանով
монтегю, մոնտեգյու
морган, մորգան
морозов, մորոզով
моцарт, մոցարտ
моше, մոշե
моше, მოშე
мурадян, մուրադյան
мустафа, მუსტაფა
мухамед, мухаммед
мухаммад, мухаммед
мушегян, մուշեղյան
мэтт, մեթ
мэттью, մեթյու
мюлер, мюллер
надежда, նադեժդա
надежда, ნადეჟდა
надя, нађа
налбандян, նալբանդյան
намгьял, намґ
натан, нејтан
натан, նաթան
наташа, նատաշա
наумов, նաումով
неманья, неманя
неманья, немања
неманя, немања
неш, нэш
новак, նովակ
норвежская, норвезька
нэш, նեշ
ованес, հովհաննես
ованнес, հովհաննես
овен, оуен
овен, оуэн
овен, օուեն
овнатанян, հովնաթանյան
овсепян, հովսեփյան
оган, օհան
оганян, օհանյան
огюст, օգյուստ
огюстен, օգյուստեն
одзава, озава
олга, ольга
олга, օլգա
олег, օլեգ
олег, ოლეგ
олександр, олександър
олександр, ալեքսանդր
олександр, ალექსანდრე
олександра, ալեքսանդրա
олена, јелена
олена, ելենա
олена, ელენა
ольга, օլգա
оноре, օնորե
оноре, ონორე
орлеанска, орлеанская
орлеанская, орлеанська
орлов, օռլով
освалд, освальд
оскар, օսկար
осоркон, ოსორკონ
острожская, острозька
ото, отон
ото, отто
ото, оттон
отон, оттон
отон, օտտոն
отто, оттон
оуен, оуэн
оуен, օուեն
пабло, պաբլո
павел, павле
павел, павло
павел, паул
павел, պավել
павел, პავლე
павелл, пауэлл
павле, павло
павле, პავლე
павло, պավել
павло, პავლე
павлов, պավլով
пак, պակ
папа, պապ
паул, пауль
пауъл, пауэлл
паша, փաշա
паша, ფაშა
педро, პედრო
пен, пенн
перес, պերես
петар, петр
петар, петро
петар, петър
петар, пьотър
петар, պյոտր
петар, პეტრე
петр, петро
петр, петър
петр, пьотър
петр, պյոտր
петр, პეტრე
петро, петър
петро, пьотър
петро, պյոտր
петро, პეტრე
петров, պետրով
петър, პეტრე
пономарев, пономарьов
попов, պոպով
попова, պոպովա
поспелов, поспєлов
прокоф, прокофьев
пруска, прусская
прусская, прусська
прусская, пруська
птолемеј, პტოლემე
пулхер, пульхр
пфалц, пфальц
пьер, пјер
пьеро, пјеро
пьеро, єро
пьетро, пјетро
пьетро, єтро
пьотър, պյոտր
пјеро, єро
пјетро, єтро
рагнар, ռագնար
радев, ռադեւ
рафаел, рафаель
рафаел, рафаэл
рафаел, рафаэль
рафаел, ռաֆայել
рафаел, რაფაელ
рафаель, рафаэль
рафаель, ռաֆայել
рафаель, რაფაელ
рафаэль, ռաֆայել
рафаэль, რაფაელ
рашель, ռաշել
раян, рајан
раян, ռայան
раєн, рајан
рајан, ռայան
реваз, ռեւազ
реваз, რევაზ
реджеп, реџеп
реклю, ռեկլյու
рета, рьота
рета, рјота
реј, ռեյ
роб, ռոբ
робер, роберт
робер, ռոբեր
робер, ռոբերտ
робер, რობერ
роберт, робърт
роберт, ռոբերտ
роберт, რობერტ
роберто, ռոբերտո
робертс, робъртс
робертс, ռոբերտս
робърт, ռոբերտ
робърт, რობერტ
робъртс, ռոբերտս
ровен, роуън
ровен, роуэн
ровен, ռոուեն
роджер, роджър
роджер, роџер
роджер, ռոջեր
роджер, როჯერ
роджър, роџер
роджър, ռոջեր
роджър, როჯერ
рождественская, рождественська
розентал, розенталь
роквелл, рокуэлл
роквелл, ռոքուել
рокуэлл, ռոքուել
роман, ռոման
роман, რომან
роналд, рональд
роналд, ռոնալդ
рональд, ռոնալդ
рот, ռոթ
рот, ռոտ
роуън, роуэн
роуън, ռոուեն
роуэн, ռոուեն
рој, ռոյ
роџер, ռոջեր
роџер, როჯერ
рубен, ռուբեն
рудолф, рудольф
рудолф, ռուդոլֆ
рудолф, რუდოლფ
рудольф, ռուդոլֆ
рудольф, რუდოლფ
рузвельт, ռուզվելտ
руслан, ռուսլան
рут, ռութ
рут, რუთ
рьота, рјота
рюдзо, рюзо
рюдзо, рјузо
рюзо, рјузо
саак, սահակ
саакян, սահակյան
сава, савва
садерланд, сазерленд
садерланд, սազերլենդ
саенко, саєнко
сазерленд, սազերլենդ
салман, սալման
сам, сем
сам, сэм
сам, սեմ
сам, სემ
саманта, սամանտա
самвел, սամվել
самуел, самјуел
самуел, սամուել
самуел, სამუელ
самуэль, самјуел
самюель, самюэль
самюель, самјуел
самюель, սամուել
самюэль, самјуел
самюэль, սամուել
самјуел, сэмюэль
самјуел, սամուել
сангушко, санґушко
санчез, санчес
санчез, սանչես
санчес, սանչես
санчо, სანჩო
саня, сања
саня, սանյա
сауд, սաուդ
сафарян, սաֆարյան
саша, սաշա
света, свята
света, святая
светлана, սվետլանա
светлана, სვეტლანა
светослав, святослав
свята, святая
святослав, свјатослав
святослав, սվյատոսլավ
себастьян, себастјен
себекхотеп, სებეხოტებ
селезнев, селезньов
сем, сэм
сем, սեմ
сем, სემ
семен, семьон
семен, семјон
семен, սեմյոն
семенов, սեմյոնով
семюел, сэмюэл
серан, серран
сергеев, сергеєв
сергеев, сергєєв
сергеј, սերգեյ
серж, սերժ
серж, სერჟ
серов, сєров
серов, սերով
сет, սեթ
скарсгорд, սկարսգորդ
скот, скотт
слава, սլավա
славко, սլավկո
слоан, слоун
слободан, սլոբոդան
слуцкая, слуцька
смбат, սմբատ
соболев, соболєв
соколов, սոկոլով
соловьев, соловьов
соловьев, սոլովյով
соломон, սողոմոն
сон, սոնգ
соня, соња
софья, սոֆյա
стара, старша
стара, старшая
старша, старшая
степан, стефан
степан, стјепан
степан, ստեպան
степанян, ստեփանյան
стефан, стјепан
стефан, штефан
стефан, ստեֆան
стефан, სტეფან
стефан, სტეფანე
стоян, стојан
стоянов, стојанов
стоянов, ստոյանով
стюарт, стјуарт
стюарт, ստյուարտ
стјуарт, ստյուարտ
султан, սուլթան
сун, սուն
сфорца, სფორცა
сэм, սեմ
сэм, სემ
сэмюэл, սեմյուել
сєров, սերով
тавр, тавър
тадевосян, թադեւոսյան
тадеуш, թադեուշ
тадеуш, տադեուշ
такуя, такуја
тарасов, տարասով
татьяна, татяна
татьяна, татјана
татьяна, тетяна
татьяна, տատյանա
татяна, татјана
татяна, тетяна
татјана, тетяна
татјана, տատյանա
тед, թեդ
текля, фекла
теодор, федор
теодор, феодор
теодор, թեոդոր
теодор, თეოდორ
теодор, თეოდორე
теодора, феодора
теодора, თეოდორა
теодорос, թեոդորոս
теофан, феофан
тереза, թերեզա
тереза, ტერეზა
тетяна, տատյանա
ткачев, ткачов
тод, тодд
толмачев, толмачов
толстая, տոլստայա
том, томас
том, թոմ
том, ტომ
тома, томас
тома, фома
тома, թոմաս
томас, томаш
томас, թոմաս
томас, თომას
томаш, թոմաշ
томаш, ტომაშ
томпсон, томпсън
томпсон, томсон
томпсон, թոմփսոն
топчян, թոփչյան
траян, трајан
тул, тулл
туманян, թումանյան
тюдор, тјудор
тюдор, թյուդոր
тјудор, թյուդոր
уго, ուգո
уест, уэст
уокер, уокър
уокер, ուոլկեր
уоллес, уолъс
уоллес, ուոլաս
уоллес, ուոլես
уолтер, уолтър
уолтер, ուոլթեր
уолтер, ուոլտեր
уолтер, უოლტერ
уолтон, ուոլթոն
уолтър, ուոլտեր
уолтър, უოლტერ
уолш, ուոլշ
уорд, ուորդ
уоррен, уорън
уоррен, ուորեն
уоррен, უორენ
урбан, ურბან
уэбстер, ուեբստեր
уэс, ուես
уэст, ուեսթ
фаб, фабьен
федор, фьодор
федор, фјодор
федор, ֆեոդոր
федор, თედორე
федоров, фьодоров
фен, фэн
феодор, თეოდორე
феодора, თეოდორა
фергюсон, ֆերգյուսոն
ференц, ֆերենց
фернан, ֆեռնան
фернандо, ֆեռնանդո
фернандо, ფერნანდო
фернандо, ფერნანდუ
фернанду, ფერნანდუ
флак, флакк
фока, ფოკა
фон, ֆոն
фон, ფონ
форд, ֆորդ
франк, френк
франк, фрэнк
франк, ֆրանկ
франк, ֆրենկ
франк, ფრანკ
франк, ფრენკ
франко, ֆրանկո
франко, ფრანკო
франс, ֆրանս
франсоа, франсуа
франсоа, ֆրանսուա
франсоа, ფრანსუა
франсуа, ֆրանսուա
франсуа, ფრანსუა
франц, фрањо
франц, ֆրանս
франц, ֆրանց
франц, ფრანც
французская, французька
французская, француска
французская, француске
французская, френска
французька, френска
француска, френска
франческа, ֆրանչեսկա
франческо, ֆրանչեսկո
франьо, фрањо
френк, фрэнк
френк, ֆրենկ
френк, ფრენკ
фрэнк, ֆրենկ
фрэнк, ფრენკ
фуад, ფუად
фуггер, фугер
фукуда, ֆուկուդա
фулк, фульк
фьодор, фјодор
фьодор, ֆեոդոր
фьодор, თედორე
фјодор, ֆեոդոր
фјодор, თედორე
хаан, хан
хав, хавьер
халед, խալեդ
халс, հալս
хан, խան
хан, ხან
хана, ханна
ханна, հաննա
ханс, հանս
ханс, ჰანს
хант, хънт
хант, հանտ
хантер, хънтър
хантер, հանթեր
ханум, խանում
харалд, харальд
харолд, харольд
харолд, հարոլդ
харолд, ჰაროლდ
харпер, харпър
харт, հարթ
хасегава, хасэгава
хатаб, хаттаб
хатун, խաթուն
хауард, хауърд
хауард, ховард
хауард, հովարդ
хауърд, հովարդ
хачатрян, խաչատրյան
хачатур, խաչատուր
хектор, հեկտոր
хелена, հելենա
хелмут, хельмут
хелмут, հելմուտ
хен, хьон
херберт, хърбърт
херберт, հերբերտ
херберт, ჰერბერტ
херман, հերման
херман, ჰერმან
херст, հերսթ
херцберг, հերցբերգ
херцог, հերցոգ
хесус, խեսուս
ховард, հովարդ
ходжа, хоџа
хозе, хосе
хозе, խոսե
хозе, ხოსე
хол, холл
холл, հոլ
холланд, հոլանդ
хом, хомяк
хорен, խորեն
хосе, խոսե
хосе, ხოსე
хосров, խոսրով
хосров, ხოსროვ
хоторн, հոթորն
хофман, հոֆման
хоффман, հոֆման
хуан, խուան
хуан, ხუან
хуана, ხუანა
хуго, հուգո
хуго, ჰუგო
хуршудян, խուրշուդյան
хънт, հանտ
хърбърт, հերբերտ
хью, хју
хьюз, հյուզ
хьюстон, хюстън
хьюстон, хјустон
хьюстон, юстон
хьюстон, հյուսթոն
хюстън, юстон
хјуз, հյուզ
хјустон, юстон
хјустон, հյուսթոն
цезар, цезарь
чавчавадзе, ჭავჭავაძე
чад, чед
чак, чък
чак, չակ
чаморро, ჩამორო
чандлер, чендлер
чапман, чепмен
чарлз, чарлс
чарлз, чарльз
чарлз, չարլզ
чарлз, ჩარლზ
чарлс, чарльз
чарлс, չարլզ
чарлс, ჩარლზ
чарльз, չառլզ
чарльз, չարլզ
чарльз, ჩარლზ
чаушеску, չաուշեսկու
чеботарев, чеботарьов
чезаре, չեզարե
чезаре, ჩეზარე
чен, чэн
чен, чэнь
чень, чэнь
чехов, չեխով
чжен, чжэн
чжон, чон
чобанян, չոբանյան
чол, чхоль
чоу, չոու
шаген, շահեն
шалва, շալվա
шалва, შალვა
шарл, шарль
шарл, շառլ
шарл, შარლ
шарлот, шарлота
шарлот, шарлотта
шарлота, шарлотта
шарлота, შარლოტა
шарлотта, շառլոտա
шарлотта, შარლოტა
шарль, շառլ
шарль, շարլ
шарль, შარლ
шарон, шерон
шарп, շարպ
шаумян, շահումյան
шах, շահ
шах, შაჰ
шахгельдян, շահգելդյան
шахназаров, շահնազարով
шахназарян, շահնազարյան
шварценеггер, շվարցենեգեր
швец, швець
шевченко, շեւչենկո
шевчук, շեւչուկ
шелдон, шелдън
шелдон, շելդոն
шелтон, շելթոն
шен, шэн
шенгелая, շենգելայա
шень, шэнь
шепард, шепърд
шепард, շեփարդ
шепърд, շեփարդ
шер, շեր
шереметев, шереметєв
шерман, շերման
шефер, шеффер
шефер, շեֆեր
шехзаде, շեհզադե
шехзаде, შეჰზადე
шон, շոն
шон, შონ
шона, շոնա
шорт, շորթ
шота, შოთა
шоу, շոու
штаде, щаде
штефан, щефан
штольберг, щолберг
шуберт, շուբերտ
шулце, шульце
шуман, շուման
ърнест, эрнест
ърнест, ერნესტ
эва, єва
эва, ევა
эдвард, էդուարդ
эдвард, էդվարդ
эдвард, ედვარდ
эдвард, ედუარდ
эдвардс, էդվարդս
эдмон, էդմոն
эдмунд, էդմունդ
эдуар, էդուար
эдуар, էդուարդ
эдуард, էդուարդ
эдуард, էդվարդ
эдуард, ედუარდ
эжен, էժեն
эктор, էկտոր
эктор, հեկտոր
эктор, ექტორ
элеонора, ელეონორა
эмма, էմմա
эндрю, էնդրյու
эрнан, էռնան
эрнандес, էռնանդես
эрнст, էռնստ
эштон, էշթոն
юган, юхан
юганссон, юханссон
юда, јуда
юзбашян, յուզբաշյան
юзеф, յուզեֆ
юнас, јонас
юнус, јунус
юозас, յուոզաս
юрген, յուրգեն
юстон, հյուսթոն
юсуф, јусуф
юхан, յուհան
юханссон, јохансон
ягеллонка, ягелонка
ягеллонка, յագելլոնկա
ягелонка, յագելլոնկա
якоб, яков
якоб, јакоб
якоб, յակոբ
яков, јакоб
яков, јаков
яков, յակոբ
яков, յակով
яковлев, яковлєв
яковлев, յակովլեւ
яковлєв, յակովլեւ
якопо, јакопо
якуб, յակուբ
ямада, јамада
яна, јана
яна, յանա
янг, јанг
янг, յանգ
янев, јанев
янез, јанез
янко, јанко
янош, јанош
янош, յանոշ
янсен, јансен
янсен, յանսեն
януш, յանուշ
ярослав, јарослав
ярослав, յարոսլավ
ячеслав, վյաչեսլավ
яша, јаша
ђанлука, џанлука
ђузепе, џузепе
ђузепе, ջուզեպպե
ђузепе, ჯუზეპე
єлена, јелена
єрванд, երվանդ
јакоб, յակոբ
јакопо, յակոպո
јан, յան
јана, յանա
јанг, յանգ
јелена, ելենա
јелена, ელენა
јован, հովհան
јован, ჟან
јозеф, յոզեֆ
јонас, յոնաս
јорк, յորք
јохан, յոհան
џаред, ջարեդ
џаред, ჯარედ
џек, ջեք
џек, ჯეკ
џексон, ջեքսոն
џемс, џејмс
џемс, ջեյմս
џенер, ջեններ
џенет, ջանեթ
џеф, ջեֆ
џеф, ჯეფ
џеј, ջեյ
џејмс, ջեյմս
џејн, ջեյն
џејсон, ջեյսոն
џоан, џоун
џоан, ջոան
џоел, ջոել
џозеф, ջոզեֆ
џозеф, ჯოზეფ
џон, ջոն
џон, ჯონ
џонс, ջոնս
џонсон, ջոնսոն
џордан, ջորդան
џорџ, ჯორჯ
џоун, ջոան
џоунс, ջոնս
ґонзаґа, გონძაგა
աբդ, აბდ
աբու, აბუ
աբրահամ, აბრაამ
ադոլֆ, ადოლფ
ալբերտ, ალბერტ
ալեքսանդր, ალექსანდრე
ալֆրեդ, ალფრედ
աննա, ანა
արթուր, არტურ
արշակ, არშაკ
արտաշես, არტაშეს
գեորգ, გეორგ
դանթե, დანტე
դեւլեթ, დევლეთ
դոդե, დოდე
եվա, ევა
էդուարդ, ედუარდ
էդվարդ, ედუარდ
թեոդոր, თეოდორ
թերեզա, ტერეზა
թոմ, ტომ
թոմաս, თომას
ժակ, ჟაკ
ժան, ჟან
ժերար, ჟერარ
ժոզեֆ, ჟოზეფ
լաշա, ლაშა
լեոնարդ, ლეონარდ
լեոպոլդ, ლეოპოლდ
լեւ, ლევ
լեւան, ლევან
լեւոն, ლევონ
լեւոն, ლეონ
խոսե, ხოსე
խուան, ხუან
կարլ, კარლ
կլոդ, კლოდ
հանս, ჰანს
հարոլդ, ჰაროლდ
հերման, ჰერმან
մարկոս, მარკუს
մաքս, მაქს
մուհամմեդ, მეჰმედ
նադեժդա, ნადეჟდა
շալվա, შალვა
շահ, შაჰ
շառլ, შარლ
շեհզադե, შეჰზადე
շոն, შონ
չարլզ, ჩარლზ
պավել, პავლე
ջարեդ, ჯარედ
ջեք, ჯეკ
ջեֆ, ჯეფ
ջոան, ჯოან
ջոզեֆ, ჯოზეფ
ջոն, ჯონ
ջորջ, ჯორჯ
ջուզեպպե, ჯუზეპე
ռաֆայել, რაფაელ
ռեւազ, რევაზ
ռոբերտ, რობერტ
ռոջեր, როჯერ
ռութ, რუთ
սամուել, სამუელ
ստեֆան, სტეფან
վալուա, ვალუა
վալտեր, ვალტერ
վախթանգ, ვახტანგ
վոլֆգանգ, ვოლფგანგ
փաշա, ფაშა
քեթեւան, ქეთევან
օլեգ, ოლეგ
օնորե, ონორე
ֆեոդոր, თედორე
ֆեռնանդո, ფერნანდო
ֆլորենս, ფლორენს
ֆոն, ფონ
ֆրանկո, ფრანკო
ֆրանսուա, ფრანსუა
ֆրենկ, ფრენკ
